
                              1 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            July 10, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Trade talks no reason to drop guard

BYLINE: Yu Yongding

BODY:

President Xi Jinping and his US counterpart Donald Trump may have agreed at the
G20 summit in Osaka to resume trade negotiations, but the path to ending the
trade war remains far from clear. After all, the two leaders had reached a
similar agreement at the G20 summit in Buenos Aires in December 2018 and that
agreement ultimately failed, not least because the United States administration
mistook China's conciliatory attitude for weakness.

Whether the US administration makes the same mistake this time remains to be
seen. In any case, it is worth considering how the trade war might unfold over
the coming months and years - and what China can do to protect itself.

US has not withdrawn tariffs it imposed earlier

Import tariffs may, for the foreseeable future, remain steady - neither
escalating nor being rolled back. The agreement in Osaka kept the US
administration from following through on its threat to impose additional tariffs
on $300 billion worth of Chinese goods. But it did nothing to reverse past
measures, such as the 15-percentage-point tariff hike, to 25 percent on $200
billion worth of Chinese products that the US implemented after the 11th round
of talks broke down in May.

While these tariffs have not yet had serious consequences for China's economy,
their effects are likely to deepen over time. But China may succeed in
persuading the US to remove them - or, at least, not raise them further - if it
refrains from retaliating with tariffs of its own on US goods. Instead, China
should focus on reducing its bilateral trade surplus with the US on its own
terms. It is increasingly clear that the US tariffs have done more damage to
American businesses and consumers than to China's.

Already, opposition to the Washington-triggered trade war is intensifying within
the US. For example, the US Chamber of Commerce - one of the country's most
powerful business lobbies - has called for the reversal of all tariffs imposed
over the past two years.

The effects of the trade war have already spread to cross-border investment. In
recent years, rising Chinese production costs have driven many foreign
enterprises - and, increasingly, even Chinese enterprises - to relocate their
operations to lower-cost countries such as Vietnam and Thailand. The trade war
is accelerating this process. According to the Vietnamese government, inward
foreign direct investment increased by nearly 70 percent year-on-year in the
first five months of 2019, the highest such increase since 2015. Meanwhile, the
growth of US investment in China is slowing.

Essential to improve investment environment

The US administration wants American companies to leave China. It is up to China
to persuade them to stay. That means improving the local investment environment,
including responding to foreign companies' justifiable complaints - say, by
strengthening intellectual property rights protection - and, more broadly,
better adhering to World Trade Organization rules.

But the pressure on China does not end there. The US is also eager to exclude
the country's high-tech companies from global value chains. Trump recently
announced that he would allow US companies to continue to sell to Chinese
high-tech giant Huawei, after a months-long campaign against the company. But it
remains highly unlikely that the US administration - which reversed a similarly
aggressive policy toward smartphone company ZTE last year - will abandon its
efforts to strangle China's high-tech industries.

China has three options. First, it could accede to US pressure to disengage from
global value chains. Second, it could remain committed to integration, hoping
that, thanks to existing interconnections, sanctions on Chinese high-tech
companies will also hurt their US counterparts (such as Qualcomm) enough for the
US administration to back down. The third option is to focus on supporting
domestic high-tech companies' efforts to strengthen their own positions within
global value chains and develop contingency plans.

US will try to subdue China by all means

China's prospects for coping with financial sanctions - which the US
administration is likely to use more often - are not so bright. Last month, a US
judge found three large Chinese banks in contempt of court for refusing to
produce evidence for an investigation into violations of sanctions against the
Democratic People's Republic of Korea. The ruling ignores the fact that,
according to Chinese law, any request for banking records should be handled in
accordance with the US-China mutual legal assistance agreement.

Chinese financial institutions thus need to prepare for more troubles, including
the risk of being blacklisted - that is, deprived of the right to use the US
dollar and important services, such as the Society for Worldwide Interbank
Financial Telecommunication financial messaging service and the Clearing House
Interbank Payments System. It is a punishment few companies can survive.

Already, one Chinese bank has been included on the Correspondent Account or
Payable-Through Account Sanctions list, meaning that it cannot open
correspondent or payable-through accounts in the US.

Make more efforts to internationalize yuan

The Chinese government has few options here, but it can step up legislative
efforts to protect Chinese banks' interests, while encouraging Chinese financial
institutions to treat compliance with US financial regulations with the utmost
care. It should also continue working to internationalize the yuan, as there is
still a long way to go on this front.

China remains committed to its 40-year-old process of reform and opening-up.
Today, that process must focus on redoubling efforts to strengthen intellectual
property rights protection, adhering to competitive neutrality and defending
multilateralism. But following through on this commitment will require China to
find ways to manage escalating tensions with the US and avoid a costly - and
potentially devastating - reconfiguration of the global economy.

The author, a former president of the China Society of World Economics and
director of the Institute of World Economics and Politics at the Chinese Academy
of Social Sciences, served on the Monetary Policy Committee of the People's Bank
of China from 2004 to 2006.

Project Syndicate

The views don't necessarily reflect those of China Daily.

(China Daily 07/10/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/6/156271970413.jpg

00221917e13e1e8f6b5c20.jpg


                              2 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            July 10, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Japan won't retract curbs on tech exports

BODY:

TOKYO - Japan said on Tuesday that it has no plans to backtrack on plans to
impose stricter controls on exports of some technology-related products to South
Korea.

Amid pressure from South Korea for the measure to be withdrawn and calls for
dialogue, Japan's top government spokesman said there was no need for
discussion.

"The measure is not something that needs to be discussed with South Korea and we
are not planning to withdraw it," Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a
news conference.

He was responding to South Korean President Moon Jae-in's request for a
diplomatic solution thorough "sincere" bilateral discussions, urging Tokyo to
withdraw what he described as a politically motivated measure.

Moon also said his country would be forced to take countermeasure if the
Japanese trade restrictions damage South Korean companies. Japan's trade curbs
have raised concern about disrupted production at South Korean companies and the
threat it poses to global supply chains, he said.

Suga maintained, however, that the Japanese government is prepared to respond to
questions from South Korea's export control authorities, who he said are seeking
to "check facts".

South Korea has condemned the move by Japan to tighten the export controls of
materials used by electronics makers for semiconductors and display panels for
smartphones and TVs, namely fluorinated polyimide, resist and hydrogen fluoride,
maintaining that it runs contrary to the spirit of fair trade.

Vital link

The move could hit tech giants, such as Samsung Electronics and SK Hynix, which
supply chips to the likes of Apple and Huawei, and underscores Japan's sway over
a vital link of the global supply chain.

South Korea sees Japan's trade measures as retaliation for recent South Korean
court rulings ordering Japanese companies to compensate South Korean plaintiffs
for forced labor during World War II.

Amid possible tit-for-tat measures by Seoul as reported by Japanese media, South
Korea may also take its concerns over Japan's move to the World Trade
Organization.

Japanese Trade Minister Hiroshige Seko on Tuesday, meanwhile, suggested that
Japan ending preferential treatment to South Korea should not be an issue for
the WTO.

"We ended preferential treatment given to South Korea and now treat it the same
as other countries. Is that a problem from the standpoint of the WTO?" Seko
said.

He also said that the measure was a necessary domestic procedure and
nonnegotiable.

"The measure is a necessary domestic procedure in Japan for the purpose of
properly controlling exports. It's not up for negotiation, and won't be
withdrawn," Seko said.

He said, however, that meetings would be held this week with South Korea to
explain the measure in detail, in response to a request from Seoul, Japan's
public broadcaster NHK reported on Tuesday.

Xinhua - Agencies

(China Daily 07/10/2019 page11)


                              3 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              July 9, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: GDP growth slows amid more jobs

BYLINE: Scott Reeves in New York

BODY:

Employers in the United States added 224,000 nonfarm jobs in June, up from
72,000 created in May, but the solid jobs report wasn't good news for the US
stock market, because it made less likely that the Federal Reserve Bank, or Fed,
will cut its benchmark interest rate later this month.

Slower economic growth and uncertainty stemming from the continuing US-China
trade disagreement, however, may support a quarter-point cut, analysts said.

Investment bank Morgan Stanley expected 169,000 jobs to be added in June. It was
the 105th consecutive month employment has increased, the Labor Department
reported on Friday.

The June employment report provided the first full-month look at the labor
market since US President Donald Trump hiked tariffs to 25 percent from 10
percent on Chinese imports valued at $200 billion on May 10.

The Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta said the economy grew at an annual rate of
1.3 percent in the second quarter ended June 30 after growing at a 3.1 percent
annual rate in the first quarter.

The Labor Force Participation rate, the share of working-age adults working or
looking for a job, rose to 62.9 percent from 62.8 percent in May. The
unemployment rate edged up to 3.7 percent in June because more US citizens
returned to the labor force to look for work.

"The June jobs report surpassed expectations adding 224,000 jobs to the economy,
totaling 5.6 million jobs created since January 2017," US Secretary of Labor
Alexander Acosta said in a statement. "The Asian American unemployment rate set
a new low at 2.1 percent."

Overall, the pace of hiring in 2019 has slowed from 2018, when employers added
an average of 223,000 jobs a month. This suggests a slower rate of growth, but
not a recession.

The still tight job market means employers must scramble to attract and retain
qualified workers by offering better pay and benefits. In June, wages rose 3.1
percent from a year earlier. However, weekly pay grew at an annualized rate of
3.7 percent in the first half of the year, a decline from 5.4 percent in 2018.
The dip reflects slower hiring.

Trump has said the current Fed funds rate of 2.25 to 2.50 percent constrains
economic growth and has urged a cut. He said on Friday: "If we had a Fed that
would lower interest rates, we would be like a rocket ship. We don't have a Fed
that knows what it's doing."

Some analysts believe the Federal Open Market Committee will cut rates by
one-quarter of one percent when it meets July 30-31, but others believe the cut
will be delayed until early fall.

Some analysts predicted a half-point cut before the June jobs report, but most
observers believe that now seems unlikely and foresee two cuts of a quarter
point each before the end of the year. The Fed could also leave rates unchanged.

A cut in interest rates would boost stocks and cut yields on bonds. The Dow
Jones industrial average hit 26,966 on July 3, surpassing its previous record
close of 26,828.39 on Oct 3, 2018. It closed on Friday at 26,922.12, down 43.88
points or 0.16 percent.

The continuing US-China trade disagreement has roiled the markets, but Trump's
decision to permit Huawei to resume purchases from US companies has calmed fears
and boosted semiconductor stocks.

The strong jobs report is good news for Trump's reelection prospects in 2020.
Since 1900, about 80 percent of incumbent presents have been reelected. Since
Franklin Roosevelt won the White House in 1932, every incumbent president who
campaigned with a strong economy has been reelected.

A trade deal with China, or at least an ongoing truce, means a recession in 2020
is unlikely and that would improve Trump's chances of winning a second term.

scottreeves@chinadailyusa.com

(China Daily 07/09/2019 page10)


                              4 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              July 9, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: GDP growth slows amid more jobs

BYLINE: Scott Reeves in New York

BODY:

Employers in the United States added 224,000 nonfarm jobs in June, up from
72,000 created in May, but the solid jobs report wasn't good news for the US
stock market, because it made less likely that the Federal Reserve Bank, or Fed,
will cut its benchmark interest rate later this month.

Slower economic growth and uncertainty stemming from the continuing US-China
trade disagreement, however, may support a quarter-point cut, analysts said.

Investment bank Morgan Stanley expected 169,000 jobs to be added in June. It was
the 105th consecutive month employment has increased, the Labor Department
reported on Friday.

The June employment report provided the first full-month look at the labor
market since US President Donald Trump hiked tariffs to 25 percent from 10
percent on Chinese imports valued at $200 billion on May 10.

The Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta said the economy grew at an annual rate of
1.3 percent in the second quarter ended June 30 after growing at a 3.1 percent
annual rate in the first quarter.

The Labor Force Participation rate, the share of working-age adults working or
looking for a job, rose to 62.9 percent from 62.8 percent in May. The
unemployment rate edged up to 3.7 percent in June because more US citizens
returned to the labor force to look for work.

"The June jobs report surpassed expectations adding 224,000 jobs to the economy,
totaling 5.6 million jobs created since January 2017," US Secretary of Labor
Alexander Acosta said in a statement. "The Asian American unemployment rate set
a new low at 2.1 percent."

Overall, the pace of hiring in 2019 has slowed from 2018, when employers added
an average of 223,000 jobs a month. This suggests a slower rate of growth, but
not a recession.

The still tight job market means employers must scramble to attract and retain
qualified workers by offering better pay and benefits. In June, wages rose 3.1
percent from a year earlier. However, weekly pay grew at an annualized rate of
3.7 percent in the first half of the year, a decline from 5.4 percent in 2018.
The dip reflects slower hiring.

Trump has said the current Fed funds rate of 2.25 to 2.50 percent constrains
economic growth and has urged a cut. He said on Friday: "If we had a Fed that
would lower interest rates, we would be like a rocket ship. We don't have a Fed
that knows what it's doing."

Some analysts believe the Federal Open Market Committee will cut rates by
one-quarter of one percent when it meets July 30-31, but others believe the cut
will be delayed until early fall.

Some analysts predicted a half-point cut before the June jobs report, but most
observers believe that now seems unlikely and foresee two cuts of a quarter
point each before the end of the year. The Fed could also leave rates unchanged.

A cut in interest rates would boost stocks and cut yields on bonds. The Dow
Jones industrial average hit 26,966 on July 3, surpassing its previous record
close of 26,828.39 on Oct 3, 2018. It closed on Friday at 26,922.12, down 43.88
points or 0.16 percent.

The continuing US-China trade disagreement has roiled the markets, but Trump's
decision to permit Huawei to resume purchases from US companies has calmed fears
and boosted semiconductor stocks.

The strong jobs report is good news for Trump's reelection prospects in 2020.
Since 1900, about 80 percent of incumbent presents have been reelected. Since
Franklin Roosevelt won the White House in 1932, every incumbent president who
campaigned with a strong economy has been reelected.

A trade deal with China, or at least an ongoing truce, means a recession in 2020
is unlikely and that would improve Trump's chances of winning a second term.

scottreeves@chinadailyusa.com

(China Daily 07/09/2019 page10)


                              5 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              July 8, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Pioneering daily use of cutting-edge tech

BYLINE: Ma Si in Beijing and Hu Meidong in Fuzhou

BODY:

In Fuzhou, capital of East China's Fujian province, a white, 5G-enabled,
sensor-rich agricultural robot moves between two rows of leafy greens in a
greenhouse, collects data about the plants, and feeds it back to the control
room.

China spearheads the world's efforts to marry AI with 5G for commercial
applications across industries

In Fuzhou, capital of East China's Fujian province, a white, 5G-enabled,
sensor-rich agricultural robot moves between two rows of leafy greens in a
greenhouse, collects data about the plants, and feeds it back to the control
room.

The farm robot has been successfully tested for compatibility with the 5G mobile
communication technology.

What this means in real terms is this: pictures and other data can be
transmitted from farmland in almost real time. Latency, or the time lag, is no
longer than just one-hundredth of a second.

This allows the data to be analyzed by computers enabled by artificial
intelligence, or AI, in the control room more efficiently, according to the
Fujian Academy of Agricultural Sciences and Fujian Newland Era Hi-Tech Co, the
two entities that developed the robot.

As if to soften the aura of its high-tech innards, the robot sports an
eye-pleasing external look of an adorable cartoon, with its smooth, round base,
which hides wheels underneath it, adding to the overall cuddly effect.

The robot can move in a smooth, fluid, jerk-free motion in all directions. It
can inspect farms automatically and collect data samples used to power various
applications. It can determine plants' health condition and decide if pest
control measures are warranted. Odds are, in the not too distant future, the 5G
super robot can even pick fruit with one of its bionic hands.

The robot is part of broader trend in China, which is this: tech companies are
teaming up with a variety of industries - agriculture, automobile, healthcare,
what have you - to explore possibilities of combining 5G and AI to revolutionize
the traditional sectors of the economy.

From conducting the world's first 5G-enabled surgery on a human and transmitting
8K ultra-high-definition TV content through 5G networks to piloting self-driving
buses and cars, China is pioneering cutting-edge technologies for commercial
use.

The high-tech push is expected to be accelerated now that the nation kicked off
the 5G era last month.

Yang Kun, an expert at the China Academy of Information and Communicat ions
Technology, a research institute based in Beijing, said 5G enables data
transfers at speeds at least 10 times faster than 4G, so it is possible to
gather high-quality data quickly, which is necessary to ensure AI is effective.

"AI applications have existed before the commercial use of 5G, but it is the
superfast speed, gigantic computing capacity and massive device connectivity of
5G that will spawn the use of AI in more sectors and on a far larger scale,"
Yang said.

Agreed Lyu Tingjie, a professor at the Beijing University of Posts and
Telecommunications. According to him, 5G's responsive speed can empower
mission-critical applications that were impossible with 4G networks.

"When a needle pinches your finger, it takes one hundredth of a second for you
to feel the pain. And theoretical latency of 5G is one-tenth of that. Only with
such speed can remote surgeries and autonomous driving see wider applications,"
Lyu said.

In March, a patient with Parkinson's disease underwent China's, and possibly the
world's, first 5G-based remote surgery.

With technological support from Huawei Technologies Co and China Mobile, a
doctor in Sanya, Hainan province, remotely operated surgical instruments to
implant a deep brain stimulator known as a "brain pacemaker" into the patient in
Beijing around 2,500 kilometers away.

Ling Zhipei, chief physician of the First Medical Center of the Chinese PLA
General Hospital, conducted the three-hour surgery. "The 5G network has solved
problems like video lag and remote control delay experienced under the 4G
network, ensuring a nearly real-time operation," Ling said.

On June 6, China granted commercial 5G licenses to China Mobile, China Telecom
and China Unicom, the nation's top three telecom carriers by the number of
subscribers. State-owned China Broadcasting Network Corp also received the 5G
license.

China is already regarded the leader in rolling out 5G applications. The nation
is forecast to invest $184 billion in 5G by 2025, according to a report released
by the Global System for Mobile Communications Association, which represents the
interests of more than 750 mobile operators worldwide.

Such investments are expected to power China's big AI push. The nation is
implementing an AI development plan that aims to build a 1 trillion yuan ($146
billion) AI core industry by 2030, which is expected to stimulate related
businesses to the tune of 10 trillion yuan.

Digital technologies such as AI, next-generation network security, robotics,
blockchain, internet of things, 3-D printing and virtual reality all depend on
data, and 5G can address this need for data collection and its quick, smooth
transmission, said Zhong Zhenshan, vice-president of emerging technology
research at the China branch of International Data Corp.

Wang Xianchang, a professor at Jilin University, said the most important use of
AI is to allow machines to automatically make decisions. The best application
scenario in civil use is self-driving vehicles. And 5G will allow such decisions
to be made properly and more reliably. When a car runs into emergencies like a
pedestrian suddenly jaywalking, a delay in seconds of data transmission among
sensors equipped within the car will likely cause a potentially grievous, even
fatal, accident. 5G is here to prevent such things from happening, Wang said.

Currently, self-driving buses are under test in a string of cities across China,
including Shenzhen, Guangdong province, and Changsha, Hunan province.

Chinese online search engine operator Baidu Inc announced plans as early as in
December 2017 to mass-produce autonomous buses for designated areas. It will
partner with bus manufacturer Xiamen King Long United Automotive Industry Co.

In East China's Anhui province, carmaker Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Co Ltd
teamed up with Baidu to develop cars with auto-pilot systems.

Xiang Ligang, director-general of the Information Consumption Alliance, said the
commercial use of 5G will impart further momentum to AI, but more discussions
are needed to talk about the legal and ethical issues surrounding its wider
applications.

China took a step in that direction in June when it issued new guidelines for
scientists and lawmakers to promote the "safe, controllable and responsible use"
of AI for the benefit of mankind.

Xue Lan, dean of Schwarzman College at Tsinghua University and chairman of the
committee that issued the guidelines, said AI has raised many new and complex
issues, like data privacy, machine ethics, safety, risks and misuse like
spreading misinformation using "deepfake videos", and AI-manipulated footage.

But AI is not as uncontrollable or mystical as some people appear to presume,
experts said. The regulatory or supervisory mechanisms could steer it in the
right direction and leave enough room for exploration, course-correction,
remedies and calibrated growth, analysts said.

Contact the writers at masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 07/08/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/74/156254688332.jpg

a41f726b05111e8ccdb808.jpg


                              6 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              July 8, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Kids need space to cultivate creativity

BYLINE: Yao Yuxin

BODY:

Editor's note: A semester has ended with students taking their exams. Should
students' school performance be evaluated solely on the basis of their exam
scores? Two experts share their views on the issue with China Daily's Yao Yuxin.
Excerpts follow:

Important to help kids choose their vocation

Chinese students are known to be good at exams. But education does not mean they
should become machines good enough to only pass exams, as that would undermine
their creativity, which in turn could put them in a disadvantageous position at
a time when advanced technology and innovation have become increasingly
important in global competition.

Huawei founder Ren Zhengfei has reiterated the importance of improving the level
of basic education, as well as raising the salaries of teachers, especially
those teaching in rural areas. Basic education provides the foundation for a
country to prepare for the severe competition in the field of science and
technology, especially cutting-edge technology, so it is incumbent upon China to
reform the basic education system in order to improve it.

Given the ruthless competition in schools, Chinese kids are under tremendous
pressure to perform well by cramming hard and attending extra study classes
while taking part in extracurricular activities such as learning music from a
very young age. The blind pursuit of high scores the children are forced into
reduces their passion for learning and impairs their creative qualities.

And once they gain admission to a college and are free of any external pressure
to cram, many students waste a lot of time playing computer games or on other
leisure activities.

Teachers and parents have to change their mindsets and, instead of forcing
children to study subjects of their choice, give the kids more room to grow and
cultivate their creative talents so they can choose the fields they are really
interested or are good in.

Also, it is important that the authorities raise the stipends and allowances of
researchers, especially those working in the fields of science and advanced
technology.

Gu Mingyuan, a professor of Beijing Normal University and honorary president of
the Chinese Society of Education

Exam-centric education needs to be changed

China has been attaching great importance to both basic and higher education,
for example, by allocating large resources for majors in science and
engineering. Thanks to such measures, many students are scoring high marks in
science. But not all students who score high marks in mathematic or science have
the innovation capability.

The problem is that many parents and teachers force children to study math and
science just to make sure they can enroll in a good college, not because they
want the students to study science so they can develop their creative capability
or become dedicated researchers. As a result, instead of studying science and
math because they love the subjects, most Chinese students study the subjects to
just get good scores in exams. Perhaps that is why so many Chinese students
participate in "Math Olympiad" training - China has a far higher rate of
participation compared with developed countries.

Worse, the way of thinking could also undermine scientific research in China as
researchers would be driven by the evaluation criteria which tend to prioritize
the number of papers being published over their academic quality. Thus,
worthwhile scientific research may not be a priority and plagiarism could not be
ruled out.

The need therefore is to change the exam-oriented education system so children
can enjoy more free time which will allow them to use their curiosity and
imagination in creative pursuits that are important for cultivating talents.
Ironically, most of the students who get high scores in exams don't get the time
to do so.

Xiong Bingqi, deputy director of the 21st Century Education Research Institute

The views don't necessarily represent those of China Daily.

(China Daily 07/08/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/89/156254688789.jpg

00221917e13e1e8ccd7c26.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/4/156254688826.jpg

00221917e13e1e8ccd8327.jpg


                              7 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              July 8, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: China, US interrelated, analysts say

BYLINE: Zhou Jin

BODY:

China and the United States are interdependent in key areas despite their trade
friction, and cooperation will benefit both, as well as the world, US analysts
said.

Prosperity of one means other gains access to larger consumer market

China and the United States are interdependent in key areas despite their trade
friction, and cooperation will benefit both, as well as the world, US analysts
said.

"China's prosperity means a larger consumer market for US goods, and there's
nothing fundamentally contradictory in both succeeding," said David Firestein,
executive director of the China Public Policy Center of the University of Texas
at Austin.

Sino-US relations have come to a "delicate and difficult" moment, and "we should
be cautiously optimistic about the future of bilateral ties," he said.

There are differences in the policies of the two countries, Firestein said,
adding that from Washington's perspective, trade relations are unbalanced, and
China's economic system is different from that of the US.

Both countries should focus on the long term and resolve their differences in a
constructive way rather than demonizing each other, he said.

China and the US agreed at the end of June to restart trade consultations during
the meeting of President Xi Jinping and US President Donald Trump at the G20
Summit in Osaka, Japan.

Trump said the US will not add new tariffs on imports from China and that he
would allow US companies to continue to sell to the Chinese tech giant Huawei.

If Sino-US trade friction cannot be resolved, both countries as well as the
global economy will suffer, Firestein said.

Doug Bandow, a senior fellow at the Cato Institute and a special assistant to
former US president Ronald Reagan, said: "I think it was very good that Xi and
Trump met. The outcome of the meeting appears to be good."

Bandow hopes there will be a resolution, but he said it would be a long process,
so future meetings and negotiations will continue.

"I don't see anything that would lead to conflict, and I think both governments
have to be willing to compromise," he said, adding that the US has to be willing
to accept that China is growing more powerful and will naturally take a greater
role in East Asia.

Zhao Suisheng, professor and executive director of the Center for China-US
Cooperation at the University of Denver, said that as the world's top two
economies, China and the US could not be natural partners or natural enemies.
Competition and cooperation will be interwoven in their bilateral relations, he
said.

A fact that cannot be changed is that China and the US are highly interdependent
in this globalized era, Zhao said.

"If the US tries to contain China and provoke a new cold war, it will only
intensify the confrontation between them, and it will harm both," Zhao said.

As long as China continues its reform and opening-up, the US will not be able to
contain China's development, he added.

zhoujin@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 07/08/2019 page3)


                              8 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             July 6, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Vodafone stays with Huawei for 5G launch

BYLINE: Angus McNeice in London and Ma Si in Beijing

BODY:

Chinese telecommunications company Huawei says it is "proud to be helping
Vodafone" as the United Kingdom mobile operator launches its first 5G networks
across several British cities this week.

Vodafone confirmed it is continuing the use of Huawei equipment in noncore parts
of its network infrastructure for the 5G rollout, even though Huawei equipment
could be banned if the UK government were to join in United States-led
restrictions on the Chinese company.

On Tuesday, Vodafone launched 5G in Birmingham, Bristol, Cardiff, Glasgow,
Manchester, Liverpool and London. Twelve more cities will soon follow.

"We are proud to be helping Vodafone open up a new world of seamless
opportunities with their launch of 5G mobile services in the UK," Victor Zhang,
a senior vice-president at Huawei, told Xinhua News Agency. "This reinforces the
UK as a 5G leader and builds on our 18-year history of supporting the digital
economy here."

The UK government is mulling a full or partial restriction on Huawei equipment
following pressure from US President Donald Trump's administration, which claims
the Chinese telecom giant poses a cybersecurity threat.

UK mobile operators are waiting for the government to announce its decision on
Huawei in a pending telecommunications supply chain review. In the meantime,
both Vodafone and UK rival EE have forged ahead with 5G launches that keep
Huawei gear in noncore areas of their networks.

Scott Petty, Vodafone's chief technical officer, says the company hopes that the
UK government stops short of a full ban and allows the use of Huawei technology
in peripheral parts of the network.

The operator uses Huawei equipment in around 200 base stations in the UK,
representing a third of the total. Petty says the company plans to install a
further 500 stations during the next six months.

A full ban on Huawei would require the removal of equipment from existing base
stations and delay construction plans.

"You're talking 50, 60, 70 million pounds ($63 million, $75 million, $88
million) to replace - and you replace those instead of doing 500 new ones,"
Petty told technology site ZDNet. "The other problem is, who would you use?
We've always said we want a really healthy ecosystem where we can balance market
share, and we've done that in the radio access network with Huawei and
Ericsson."

Lyu Tingjie, a telecoms professor at Beijing University of Posts and
Telecommunications, said the UK's attitude toward Huawei will impact how other
European countries treat the company.

"The vote of confidence from Vodafone could encourage more foreign telecom
operators to embrace Huawei's technologies. Huawei's technological edge in 5G
speaks louder than accusations that are not backed by factual evidence," Lyu
said.

According to a report from Barclays Bank, 5G could add an estimated 15.7 billion
pounds to the UK economy per year by 2025.

Tech consultancy Assembly Research estimates a full or partial ban on Huawei
equipment would result in a delay of 18 to 24 months in the widespread
availability of 5G in the UK.

Contact the writers at angus@mail.chinadailyuk.com

(China Daily 07/06/2019 page3)


                              9 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              July 5, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: China and US should work on strategic partnership

BYLINE: Chen Weihua

BODY:

For people who are dedicated to improving China-US relations, the meeting
between President Xi Jinping and his US counterpart Donald Trump in Osaka,
Japan, on the sidelines of the G20 Summit on June 30 has come as an encouraging
sign.

The two leaders agreed to resume trade talks and refrain from taking measures
that would escalate the trade war. Trump allowed US companies to continue
selling products to Huawei while promising better treatment for Chinese
students, saying "we want more Chinese students".

The key message is Trump's remark that "we're going to be strategic partners",
which is in sharp contrast to the tough language in the US National Security
Strategy report released in December 2017 that described China as a "strategic
competitor". Trump's words are said to have upset some China hawks in
Washington. And it shows he may not always endorse their hawkish views on China.

Therefore, the meeting between Xi and Trump in Osaka, like their previous
meetings, will play a positive role in stabilizing and improving overall
bilateral relations, which have deteriorated fast in the past year.

China and the US have made headways in their trade talks in the past year. US
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and US National Economic Council Director
Larry Kudlow both said the two sides had agreed on 90 percent of the issues. The
remaining 10 percent is said to be mostly fundamental issues. But being able to
agree on 90 percent is a phenomenal achievement if we look at how much US
Republicans and Democrats disagree on key issues.

Having covered Washington for years, I can give a long list of those issues,
from climate change, immigration and abortion to gay rights and gun control. A
Pew survey report in February said that Republicans and Democrats have grown
further apart on what the US' top priorities should be, such as economy,
terrorism and education.

The Sino-US trade frictions have caused great harm to consumers and businesses
in both countries as well as the world economy given the interconnected global
supply chains. The growing tensions have also made it more difficult for them to
join hands in fighting common global challenges such as terrorism, nuclear
nonproliferation, global governance and epidemic diseases.

That is probably why David Dollar, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution
and a former emissary of US Treasury to Beijing, and many economists and trade
experts have called on the Trump administration to abandon its trade war tactics
against China.

Dozens of leading foreign policy experts based in the US, such as former US
acting assistant secretary for East Asian and Pacific affairs Susan Thornton and
former US ambassador to China Stapleton Roy, have voiced grave concern over the
deteriorating bilateral relationship in their open letter to Trump and the US
Congress. In the letter published in The Washington Post on Wednesday, they have
warned that "US efforts to treat China as an enemy and decouple it from the
global economy will damage America's international role and reputation and
undermine the economic interests of all nations".

In the past 47 years since former US president Richard Nixon visited China,
Sino-US relations have grown by leaps and bounds. Decoupling the two economies
will indeed be a colossal mistake and a disaster for both countries and the
world. It will be a move on the wrong side of history.

On the other hand, a "strategic partnership" would help keep Sino-US relations
on a healthy path and could effectively address the major bilateral issues.

The author is chief of China Daily EU Bureau based in Brussels.

chenweihua@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 07/05/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/41/156228763553.jpg

00221917e13e1e88dc9419.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/35/156228763582.jpg

00221917e13e1e88dc991a.jpg


                              10 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             July 4, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Huawei convinced it can weather storm

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

The founder of Huawei Technologies Co said that United States President Donald
Trump's decision to loosen restrictions on the company in Shenzhen, Guangdong
province, will have limited impact as it continues its shift away from US
suppliers, according to a Financial Times report on Wednesday.

Analysts said the remark demonstrates that Huawei remains cautious toward the US
government and is determined to beef up its core technologies no matter how the
situation develops.

Ren Zhengfei, Huawei's founder, told Financial Times that Trump's pledge to
resume sales of certain US components and software to the tech giant "would not
have much impact on what we are currently doing. We will still focus on doing
our own job right."

He added that Trump's statements are good for US companies, and Huawei is
willing to continue to buy products from them.

"At the request of our high-tech companies... I agreed to allow Chinese company
Huawei to buy products from them which will not impact our national security,"
Trump said in a tweet on Sunday.

Trump's words signal a loosening of restrictions for general merchandise, such
as chips and software generally available around the world, but not for products
considered to have national security sensitivity, said White House economic
adviser Larry Kudlow on Sunday.

Bai Ming, a senior researcher at the Chinese Academy of International Trade and
Economic Cooperation, said Huawei has learned not to be too optimistic about any
positive developments, and Ren's words highlight that the company will continue
its significant investment in research and development to hone its technological
prowess.

In May, the US Commerce Department added Huawei to its Entity List, thus
restricting US companies from providing Huawei any technology originating from
the US without government approval.

Huawei is now working on its own version of an operating system for smartphones
and other devices. Ren has repeatedly said the company itself can supply all of
its high-end core chipsets, and it is also working to use components made in
China and other countries to reduce its reliance on US suppliers.

Lyu Tingjie, a telecommunications professor at Beijing University of Posts and
Telecommunications, said Huawei's situation will motivate China to ramp up its
push to achieve breakthroughs in core electronic components and deepen
cooperation with other countries.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 07/04/2019 page1)


                              11 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             July 4, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Baidu unveils chip to boost AI use in industrial applications

BYLINE: Fan Feifei

BODY:

Internet search giant Baidu Inc launched an artificial intelligence chip named
Honghu on Wednesday, which could be configured to accommodate vehicle-mounted
voice control systems and intelligent home scenarios, as part of its broader
push to speed up industrial application of AI technologies.

Baidu's open source deep learning platform, PaddlePaddle, will conduct in-depth
cooperation with Huawei Technologies Co Ltd's Kirin chipsets, said Wang Haifeng,
chief technology officer of Baidu at Baidu Create 2019, the company's annual
developers' conference in Beijing.

"The two tech companies could exert their advantages in software and hardware
sector," said Wang, describing Baidu's self-developed deep learning platform as
the homegrown "AI operating system." He emphasized that the collaboration with
Huawei will provide strong computing power and accelerate the commercial
application of AI.

Last year, the Beijing-based tech behemoth launched its chip Kunlun, to
accommodate the high performance requirements of a wide variety of AI scenarios,
such as data centers, public cloud and autonomous vehicles.

"Baidu could make full use of the technological advantages it has accumulated in
AI sector, and the semiconductors they make can be used on its own AI platform
and applications, which will boost the development of the chip industry," said
Ni Guangnan, an academician at the Chinese Academy of Engineering.

James Yan, research director at Counterpoint Technology Market Research, said
Baidu hopes to provide comprehensive vehicle-mounted solutions and expand AI
application scenarios for carmakers.

Chinese technology companies are intensifying efforts to develop their own AI
chips, as the country aims to become self-reliant in key technologies and lessen
its dependence on foreign microprocessors.

Alibaba Group Holding Ltd has announced the establishment of a dedicated chip
subsidiary aimed at creating customized AI chips and embedded processors to
further support the tech giant's cloud and internet of things businesses, as
well as drive the development of industry-specific applications.

In addition, Baidu announced a strategic partnership with Chinese carmaker Geely
on smart connectivity, intelligent driving, smart home and e-commerce, in a bid
to accelerate the popularization of intelligent vehicles in China.

"The strategic partnership will empower AI to create more spontaneous and
convenient interactions between humans and vehicles," said Robin Li, Baidu's
chairman and chief executive officer.

Li added the move will also accelerate the intelligent transformation of the
mobility industry, supporting China in its transformation to become a leader in
the age of smart mobility.

Under the new partnership, Geely cars, beginning with the Geely Boyue Pro, will
be equipped with the connected vehicle solution powered by Baidu's
conversation-based AI system DuerOS for autonomous driving platform Apollo.

fanfeifei@chinadaily.com.cn

Robin Li, Baidu's chairman and chief executive officer, speaks at the Baidu AI
developers conference on Wednesday in Beijing. Provided to China Daily

(China Daily 07/04/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/48/156220121267.jpg

a41f726b05111e877bcd02.jpg


                              12 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             July 4, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Europe in no hurry to join US-led boycott of Huawei Technologies

BYLINE: Earle Gale in London

BODY:

With United States President Donald Trump agreeing to allow Huawei Technologies
Co to resume purchase of some US components and software, the question of
whether the United Kingdom will, or will not, join the boycott of the Chinese
technology giant suddenly seems less important.

Trump's declaration followed a six-week period in which US companies were barred
from purchasing Huawei components and, despite Trump's words, Huawei will remain
blacklisted until it is officially removed from the list. Even then, it will
continue to be prevented from selling its products to US companies and to those
in nations supporting the US-led boycott.

London, until now, has refused to join the boycott, despite several months of
pressure from Washington, which claims to have identified weaknesses in Huawei's
kit that make it vulnerable to use by spies, a claim the company vehemently
denies.

But, despite the importance of the evolving situation, neither Boris Johnson nor
Jeremy Hunt, the two men vying to become the UK's next prime minister, have
overtly said whether they plan to join the US-led boycott.

Theresa May's replacement will be named at the end of July, after the ruling
Conservative Party's 160,000 members participate in a postal ballot. May had
reportedly been leaning toward allowing Huawei to participate in noncore parts
of the network but both Johnson and Hunt have hinted they may join the boycott.

Johnson, the bookmakers' favorite to win the leadership race, said on June 28
that the nation should not let its relationship with Huawei jeopardize
intelligence-sharing with its allies, including the US.

Liu Xiaoming, China's ambassador to the UK, said any British ban on Huawei would
send a "negative message" to other Chinese companies considering investing in
Britain.

In a televised interview with the BBC, Liu said: "Will the UK still be a
business-friendly environment for Chinese companies? It will send a very bad
signal, not only on trade, but also on investment."

Huawei, which employs 7,000 people in the UK, opened its first local office 16
years ago. Between 2013 and 2017, it invested or procured more than 2 billion
pounds ($2.54 billion) in the UK, and, in 2018 it pledged to spend a further 3
billion pounds on British technology and services during a five-year period.

A recent report commissioned by four of the UK's major mobile network companies
- EE, O2, Three, and Vodafone - found that a ban on Huawei would delay the
rollout of 5G technology in the UK by up to two years. The study, published by
tech consultancy Assembly Research, said such a delay would cost the British
economy between 4.5 billion pounds and 6.8 billion pounds.

Margot James, the UK's minister for the digital and creative industries,
supports Huawei's participation in the UK's 5G rollout, and said the government
should act on the recommendations of the UK National Cyber Security Centre,
which has found no evidence to support the US' claims.

Huawei, meanwhile, is continuing to promote its products and services and will
take its roadshow to the Goodwood Festival of Speed in Sussex, England, between
July 4 and July 7.

The UK government is expected to reveal its Huawei decision when it publishes a
telecoms supply chain review in the coming weeks.

Other EU nations are also considering their position but none has been quick to
join the US-led boycott. The president of the German telecoms regulator said
earlier this year that Huawei should not be excluded from the nation's 5G
network. And the biggest Dutch carrier, KPN, has said it plans to use Huawei
equipment. The European Union issued recommendations about 5G security in March
in which it called on member states to review their networks by the end of June
and report their findings to the EU Commission. As yet, no EU nation has joined
the boycott of Huawei products.

earle@mail.chinadailyuk.com

(China Daily 07/04/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/57/156220121317.jpg

a41f726b05111e877bee04.jpg


                              13 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             July 4, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Cease-fire raises hope of trade truce

BYLINE: Liu Jianna

BODY:

Editor's Note: The much anticipated meeting between President Xi Jinping and his
US counterpart Donald Trump on the sidelines of the G20 Summit in Osaka, Japan,
on Saturday helped restart the trade talks to settle bilateral trade disputes,
which have roiled the global market and dimmed its growth prospects. Three
experts share their views on the meeting and China-US trade negotiations with
China Daily's Liu Jianna. Excerpts follow:

Need to adopt cautious attitude toward US moves

Despite the decision of China and the US to resume the trade talks to the relief
of the global market, Beijing should adopt a cautious attitude toward
Washington's moves given the latter's attitude in the previous 11 rounds of
bilateral trade talks. That the US leader said he harbors no hostility toward
China should be judged by the actions he takes in the future. Besides, the
influence the China hawks represented by US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and
White House Trade Advisor Peter Navarro exert on Trump remains to be seen.

The only certainties that have emerged from the Osaka meeting is that the trade
talks would resume and the US would not impose tariffs on more Chinese goods.
Whether a deal could be reached and what that deal would be are still unclear.
However, the possibility that an agreement that satisfies the basic, not all,
demands of both countries would be eventually signed cannot be ruled out.

Since Trump will focus on the presidential campaign next year and try everything
possible to be re-elected, the inking of a deal with China, which could boost
his chances to win the election, looks more likely.

How to get along with each other

China and the US have decided to return to the negotiation table and chosen to
not escalate the trade war, which reflects their willingness to cooperate amid
mounting uncertainties in bilateral relations. And once again a meeting between
the two heads of state has provided the direction for the development of
bilateral ties.

But despite the positive signals, uncertainty remains, not least because the
tariffs on $250 billion worth of Chinese goods are still in place, so are the
differences that have prevented the two countries from concluding a trade deal,
which are likely to sap the market. What's certain is that the US' policy to
contain China's rise in the field of science and technology will not change
easily even though Trump has softened his stance on Huawei.

In the long term, the two countries need to find a way to get along by
respecting each other's core interests. Organizations and economies including
the International Monetary Fund and the European Union hope China and the US
would resolve their trade disputes, as they are harming the global economy. And
to strengthen cooperation to meet common global challenges such as climate
change, it is important to smooth the rough edges in bilateral relations.

Right decision at the right time

That China and the United States have seized the window of opportunity and
called a cease-fire in their trade row can be attributed to the compromise on
both sides.

By calling a cease-fire in the trade row, the world's two largest economies have
sent a strong signal across the globe that they want to resolve their trade
disputes, which helped stock markets worldwide to stage a rally on Monday. The
fact that both countries and the world beyond have started to feel the pinch of
the trade war, to some extent, helped the two sides to step down a bit in order
to resolve their trade frictions.

The opposition of a large number of US high-tech companies, and consumers and
industry organizations to the trade war could seriously impair the US
administration's ability to play the card of a booming economy, which the
president relies on to be re-elected in 2020.

Yet, irrespective of the Trump administration's emphasis on defending US
economic interests, the US has basically formed a strategy to portray China as a
main rival that involves a fierce competition in core areas, strategic security,
geopolitics, and science and technology. As a result, more disputes on multiple
fronts could be the new normal for China-US relations even if a trade deal is
eventually inked.

Bilateral trade ties that increasingly look like the only bond connecting the
two countries now should be valued and made the ballast for promoting Sino-US
relations, instead of being made a tool to champion American interests. As Xi
said, cooperation brings benefits for both countries while conflict incurs
losses on both sides.

The views don't necessarily represent those of China Daily.

(China Daily 07/04/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/26/156220121578.jpg

00221917e13e1e877c9c16.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/77/156220121629.jpg

00221917e13e1e877ca017.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/35/156220121685.jpg

00221917e13e1e877ca518.jpg


                              14 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             July 3, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Xi offers hope to global economy at G20

BYLINE: Huang Yongfu

BODY:

The just concluded G20 Summit in Osaka witnessed President Xi Jinping achieving
diplomatic success in terms of upholding multilateralism, partnerships, mutually
beneficial cooperation and providing directions for global growth and global
governance.

Delivering a key speech at the Osaka Summit, Xi continued to promote opening-up
and cooperation by announcing five major measures. The president vowed to
further open up Chinese market, including the release of the 2019 version of the
negative list for foreign investment access, greater openness in the
agriculture, mining, manufacturing and services sectors, and the establishment
of six new pilot free trade zones. China will also expand imports, reduce the
overall tariff level, strive to remove non-tariff trade barriers, and take steps
to cut institutional costs of imports. Xi also called on all parties to work
together to build a high-quality world economy.

An important player for global governance

The president pledged to take more steps to improve China's business
environment, implement a new foreign investment system from Jan 1 next year,
establish a punitive compensation mechanism for intellectual property rights
violations, and lift all foreign investment restrictions beyond the negative
list, giving equal treatment to all types of businesses. The country will
vigorously advance economic and trade negotiations, including making efforts for
the early conclusion of the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership and
expediting the talks on the China-EU investment agreement and the
China-Japan-Republic of Korea free trade agreement.

On the one hand, Xi's speech brought hope to the world economy at a time when
global economic recovery is facing challenges and uncertainties thanks to the
rise of trade protectionism and unilateralism in some economies since 2017. In
fact, protectionism and unilateralism have become an impediment to global
growth.

The World Trade Organization has said global trade growth increased by only 3
percent in 2018, and is set to decline to 2.6 percent in 2019. Besides, the G20
leaders in Osaka said growth remains low and risks remain tilted to the
downside, and most importantly, trade and geopolitical tensions have
intensified.

To overcome such challenges, Xi said China would pursue a free, fair and
nondiscriminatory trade policy, and play a pivotal role in achieving strong,
sustainable, balanced and inclusive global growth, and overcoming downside
risks.

On the other hand, Xi's speech set the direction for cooperation on global
economic governance. As a rules-based trade system, the WTO remains the
cornerstone of global trade even though there is a need to reform the WTO so it
can enhance its effectiveness through digitalization and application of emerging
technologies.

Another major diplomatic achievement of Xi was his meeting with US President
Donald Trump, which attracted wide global attention. The two leaders set
bilateral ties on the track by agreeing to resume the trade talks, thereby
preventing trade tensions from rising further, which would have affected
financial markets, businesses and consumers alike. And Trump's remark that
relations with China are "right back on track" indicated Beijing and Washington
could be "strategic partners" if "the right deal is struck" and the US is "not
hostile toward China".

BRICS nations should oppose protectionism

At a meeting with other BRICS leaders, Xi called on BRICS countries to oppose
protectionism and advance multilateralism, by strengthening their policy
coordination in multilateral institutions such as the United Nations, the G20
and the WTO, and deepen their strategic partnership to improve global
governance.

In a series of bilateral meetings with leaders of countries such as Japan,
France, Germany, Russia, India and South Africa, Xi emphasized the importance of
defending the world order based on international law and the global governance
system with the UN at its core, in order to pursue peace, stability and
prosperity. He appealed to major countries to shoulder their respective
responsibilities in the face of global challenges, honor their commitments and
take concrete actions to address serious environmental problems and climate
change.

At a time when the world has reached a critical crossroad with global economic
growth foundering, and raging trade frictions and development problems coming to
the fore, Xi has embarked on a series of overseas trips since the beginning of
June to promote multilateralism, free trade and economic globalization. By so
doing, he has sent a clear signal to the world once again that China, as a
responsible power, stands by international rules and is committed to addressing
international issues, driving global growth and promoting peace.

However, the road ahead for China is far from smooth, typically fraught with
risks.

And although Trump has allowed US companies to sell components to Huawei, he did
not remove the company from the US' blacklist. Which suggests the two sides need
to make greater efforts to narrow the fundamental gaps underlying the Sino-US
trade dispute.

But since a comprehensive, enforceable deal could still prove elusive, China
will continue to deepen reform and opening-up to cope with any risks and
challenges that emerge in the future.

The author is a senior fellow at International Cooperation Center of the
National Development and Reform Commission of China. The opinions expressed here
are his own and don't necessarily reflect those of his employer or China Daily.

(China Daily 07/03/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/52/156211481103.jpg

00221917e13e1e86328a26.jpg


                              15 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             July 3, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Senior US officials should respect the Osaka consensus

BYLINE: Wu Yuehe

BODY:

Editor's note: The top leaders of China and the United States recently reached
an important consensus on resuming economic and trade consultations on the basis
of equality and mutual respect at their Osaka meeting, sending a positive signal
to the international community and global market. However, shortly after the
meeting, certain senior officials in the US once again voiced their old
complaints casting a shadow over the prospect of the talks. Wu Yuehe, a
columnist for People's Daily, comments:

In a recent interview with the media, White House economic adviser Larry Kudlow
said US President Donald Trump's decision to allow Huawei to buy US products
does not amount to an "amnesty", and the US will continue to focus on such
issues as intellectual property theft, forced technology transfers and cyber
theft. The underlying message in his remarks was inconsistent with the consensus
between Chinese President Xi Jinping and Trump at the Osaka meeting. His remarks
coincide with a few hawkish politicians in the US Congress openly calling for
the containment of Huawei saying it is "one of the few effective leverages" to
force China to make concessions, which reveals their ulterior motive.

The essence of China-US economic and trade cooperation is mutual benefit and
win-win results. The differences between the two sides should be resolved
through dialogue and consultation on an equal footing. This requires sincerity
and action from both parties. Trump's stance in Osaka - that the US would
properly manage differences over trade and other areas with China, would not
impose new tariffs on Chinese goods, and US companies could sell to Huawei
equipment "without serious national security concerns" - raised hopes that the
two sides would finally be able to reach an agreement. So Kudlow's recent
remarks are, at the least, very disappointing.

Restarting the economic and trade consultations will benefit both China and the
US, while confrontation means losses for both. That some 80 US Asia experts
submitted a signed open letter to Trump and the US Congress warning the current
behavior of the US is exacerbating the downward spiral of US-China relations
highlights such concerns. In fact, the opposition to unilateralism and
protectionism has become increasingly evident in the US.

Sino-US economic and trade talks should go ahead under the principles and
direction confirmed by their top leaders and by no means be reversed by any
discordant voices.

(China Daily 07/03/2019 page8)


                              16 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             July 3, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: US proposes tariffs on EU cheeses, Scotch whisky

BYLINE: Heng Weili in New York

BODY:

The United States is again taking aim at the European Union's subsidies on large
commercial aircraft, proposing increased tariffs on some products the continent
is famous for, such as olives, Parmesan cheese and pasta from Italy, and Irish
and Scotch whisky.

On Monday, the Office of the US Trade Representative, or USTR, solicited public
comment on a proposed list of products "that could potentially be subject to
additional duties in order to enforce US rights in the World Trade Organization
dispute against the EU and certain EU member states regarding EU subsidies on
large civil aircraft".

The supplemental list, which applies to the 28 member states of the EU, adds 89
tariff subheadings with an approximate trade value of $4 billion to an initial
list published on April 12, which had an estimated trade value of $21 billion.

The USTR said it was adding to the list in response to public comment, after
more than 40 people testified at public hearings on May 15-16. A hearing on the
new list is scheduled for Aug 5.

The US and the EU have threatened to impose billions of dollars in reciprocal
tariffs in a 14-year dispute at the WTO over aircraft subsidies given to US
aircraft maker Boeing and its European rival Airbus.

Monday's move followed news during the Paris Air Show that the US could be open
to negotiations on an "enforceable mechanism" that could allow Airbus to receive
government funding on commercial terms, potentially leading to a resolution to
the aircraft subsidy fight.

Such a deal also would include moves by the US to address tax incentives
provided by the state of Washington and make them compliant with trade rulings,
as part of a possible new framework for aircraft industry funding, two US
sources told Reuters.

The WTO is expected to rule on the US sanctions request by September.

So that antipasto appetizer platter also could be made more costly. Edam, gouda
and gruyere cheeses are on the list, too. European countries produce about three
quarters of the world's olive oil, which featured prominently on the April list.

The North American Olive Oil Association is petitioning the USTR to remove olive
oil from the list.

It wasn't all delicacies, though. Ten copper-based products showed up on Monday
on the USTR "annex" list.

"Our ultimate goal is to reach an agreement with the EU to end all
WTO-inconsistent subsidies to large civil aircraft," USTR chief Robert
Lighthizer said in April. "When the EU ends these harmful subsidies, the
additional US duties imposed in response can be lifted."

The USTR said in April that "after many years of seeking unsuccessfully to
convince the EU and four of its member states (France, Germany, Spain, and the
United Kingdom) to cease their subsidization of Airbus," it brought the
challenge to EU subsidies to the WTO in 2004.

The dispute followed positive news out of the G20 in Osaka, Japan. US President
Donald Trump, after meeting on Saturday with Chinese President Xi Jinping, said
he would postpone tariffs on $300 billion of Chinese imports and relax some
restrictions on telecom giant Huawei. The two nations also agreed to resume
trade talks. Stocks markets rallied in response on Monday.

Reuters contributed to this story.

hengweili@chinadailyusa.com

(China Daily 07/03/2019 page12)


                              17 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              July 2, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: How significant is the 'Truce of Osaka'?

BYLINE: Stephen Roach

BODY:

Call it the "Truce of Osaka". Presidents Donald Trump and Xi Jinping agreed, as
expected, on the sidelines of the G20 Summit in Osaka on Saturday to stand down
from the escalation of economic conflict between the United States and China.
That is certainly good news. While it beats the alternative of expanded tariffs
and company-specific sanctions, it leaves one obvious unanswered question: what
comes next?

Reading between the lines, three tentative answers emerge.

First, there appears to be a return to the negotiations framework that fell
apart in early May. According to the Trump administration, this "bilateral plus
structural" framework was fairly advanced - 90 percent complete as per US
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin - and provides a reasonable template of what
to expect once negotiations resume.

Here, "bilateral" refers to multi-year efforts to narrow the outsize merchandise
trade imbalance, which totaled $419 billion in 2018, while "structural" refers
to seven memorandums of understanding on systemic conflicts between the two
nations. These memoranda will focus on tensions in agriculture, services,
technology, intellectual property, technology transfer, non-tariff barriers.

The bilateral part of this framework is easy. Widely popularized as the "soybean
strategy", it features a Chinese commitment, to purchase US agricultural
products. According to President Trump, the US will quickly follow up with a
"list of (other) things we want them to buy."

Bilateral solution can't fix US trade deficits

Two aspects of the bilateral trade approach are worth stressing. One, the "open
wallet" approach has in the past been a fairly standard Chinese practice to
address US trade and currency concerns. Two, the US has a multilateral trade
problem: trade deficits with 102 nations in 2018, which cannot be fixed with a
bilateral solution.

For a US economy that suffers from a chronic deficiency of domestic saving - a
shortfall that will only worsen in the face of a widening federal budget deficit
over the next decade - a China-centric bilateral effort will most likely
backfire by shifting US imports to higher-cost foreign producers.

Bilateral solutions, though, are always inherently political. The "Truce of
Osaka" is no exception in this regard.

The structural piece of this framework is a significantly tougher aspect of the
US-China conflict to resolve, and the Osaka agreement doesn't offer much
encouragement that a breakthrough is imminent. If anything, President Trump's
statement that the "US does not feel rushed to do a deal" points to protracted
negotiations over the multiplicity and complexity of structural issues that
divide two very different systems.

The same conclusion can be drawn from a pre-Osaka Chinese white paper published
on June 2, China's Position of the China-US Economic and Trade Consultations,
which underscores that "China will not compromise on major issues of principle".

These issues include China's commitment to indigenous innovation, the important
role played by State-owned enterprises, and the country's strategic focus on
emerging industries such as artificial intelligence, fintech, e-commerce, and
health science technologies.

This in mind, the conflict looks intractable. China's non-negotiable principles
strike at the heart of what the Trump administration considers existential
threats to America's future economic prosperity.

In the words of Trump's most hawkish China adviser, Peter Navarro, "China has
targeted America's industries of the future... If China successfully captures
these emerging industries, America will have no economic future." Structural
conflict is therefore likely to endure well into the upcoming 2020 US
presidential election campaign. This aspect of the conflict is both strategic
and political for both sides, and Osaka did little to change this part of the
calculus.

Case of Huawei hangs over the talks

The case of Huawei underscores a second conclusion from the "Truce of Osaka":
industry-or company-specific sanctions are likely to remain an important tool in
America's policy arsenal to deal with China. In his post-Osaka news conference,
President Trump expressed great satisfaction in Mexico's new efforts at border
security and stressed that without the threats of tariffs this progress wouldn't
have occurred.

This illustrates how trade policy can be "weaponized", such as in the earlier
case of ZTE or now with Huawei. While Trump conceded that US technology
companies' concerns on supply-chain sourcing to Huawei may have played a role in
this decision, he stressed that his options remain open.

By taking Huawei off the front burner for the time being, saving the issue until
the "very end" of these negotiations, the threat of an ever-present use of
tariffs or sanctions hangs over the US-China conflict.

One of the last questions in President Trump's post-Osaka news conference
focused on an issue I have long written about: the nature of the US-China
relationship (see my 2014 book, Unbalanced the Codependency of America and
China).

Trump endorsed the idea that China and the US could be "strategic partners",
stressing the two nations can be "great for each other" - provided, of course
that America's openness is matched by China.

Significantly, President Xi at the G20 Summit addressed this issue in an earlier
speech, which highlighted a new set of initiatives in this area. These included
China's new Foreign Investment Law, an updated negative list that narrows trade
barriers in agriculture, mining, manufacturing, and services, six new free trade
zones, and tariff reductions aimed at further encouraging imports.

Curiously, there were no follow-up questions to President Trump that asked him
to react to China's latest initiatives - a missed opportunity for dialogue on a
key issue dividing the two nations.

There were no major breakthroughs at Osaka. But it could have been a lot worse.
Tariffs could have been increased and Huawei could have been squeezed further.
While that didn't happen, the challenges ahead remain formidable, and the
political considerations remain daunting for both sides.

Converting mistrust back into trust is an important first step on the road to a
strategic partnership. The "Truce of Osaka" was a small step in that direction.

The author is former chairman of Morgan Stanley Asia and the firm's chief
economist. He is now a senior fellow at Yale University's Jackson Institute for
Global Affairs.

The views don't necessarily represent those of China Daily.

(China Daily 07/02/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/60/156202846370.jpg

00221917e13e1e84e0f925.jpg


                              18 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              July 2, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Despite truce, US should be wary of damage

BYLINE: Dan Steinbock

BODY:

At the meeting between President Xi Jinping and US President Donald Trump on the
sidelines of the just concluded G20 Summit in Osaka, the two sides agreed to
restart the trade talks. While the trade disputes are slowing China's growth,
the US economy also is beginning to suffer collateral damage.

Furthermore, Trump said US companies can supply components to Chinese
telecommunications equipment provider Huawei, which the US Department of
Commerce blacklisted in May and which Washington has tried to lobby other
countries against.

Nevertheless, the negotiators face challenging obstacles despite another
temporary timeout. But what's the economic impact of the new trade truce?

The most recent US tariff hikes on $200 billion of Chinese goods is expected to
penalize about 0.1 percent of China's GDP growth in the coming year. That is
enough to create significant concern, but not enough to cause substantial damage
- yet.

Even if the US were to impose 25 percent tariffs on all Chinese goods, the
largest Chinese companies would likely adjust thanks to their focus on the
domestic market.

The US economy is far from immune to trade-conflict damage. In fact, the trade
tensions' negative impact is only beginning to be felt in the US.

In the US, the tariff increase from 10 percent to 25 percent on $200 billion of
Chinese imports could directly penalize some 0.3 percent from growth in the
coming year.

Typically, US companies that garner a significant share of their revenues from
China will take the most severe hits. Trump wants China to buy "tremendous"
amounts of farm goods, because the US farm sector has suffered the most from
China's countermeasures, while the White House's $12 billion bailout package for
farmers has failed to soften the blow.

In fact, the US administration has worked itself into a double-bind. If it piles
up another bailout of $15 billion to $20 billion, it might prove too little too
late in the farm sector, while other industries could demand similar packages.

The damage is spreading to advanced industries, too, which include semiconductor
giants, such as Micron Tech and Texas Instruments (which get 40-60 percent of
their revenues from China), other technology conglomerates, including Apple and
TTM Technologies (about 20 percent), and consumer and auto companies, such as
Nike and Cooper-Standard (10 percent to 20 percent).

The White House is pressuring US companies to move their supply chains away from
China. And Apple reportedly is considering diversifying 15-30 percent of its
capacity away from China. Yet such proposed moves would come with a huge cost.

None of the new country destinations can offer a high-level technology and
logistics infrastructure that would be comparable to that in China.

So the costs of these companies will climb, which would damage their global
competitiveness. Today China is the world's largest and most rapidly-growing
market. If US companies reduce their presence in the country, they would take a
cut in their most vital future source of income.

With continued trade tensions, the damage is spreading in the US economy. As the
fiscal stimulus impact is fading, private investment is softening and
uncertainty increasing. US economic growth is likely to remain below 2.5 percent
in 2019 and decelerate to 1.8 percent in 2020.

As the impact of the US tax cuts and other one-time benefits will diminish, the
US economy is likely to be more vulnerable to a recession risk, even a major
market correction.

Worse, if the talks fail and the White House chooses to impose punitive tariffs
on all Chinese goods, it would be harder for US companies to pass on the costs
to consumers, which in turn would compromise these companies' competitiveness.
As a result, US growth could plunge below 1 percent in 2020 - the year of
presidential election.

Of course, there is still a chance to salvage the US-China trade talks. That,
however, would require a substantial reassessment of the US' stance and
objectives. China will not sign a trade deal that is predicated on unilateral
geopolitical objectives rather than economic realities.

The final outcome cannot be based on coercion. It must rely on a mutual effort
at a sustained reconciliation that would reflect both countries' sovereign
interests and the compelling long-term economic realities of the global economy.

The author is the founder of Difference Group and has served at India, China and
America Institute (US), Shanghai Institutes for International Studies (China)
and the EU Centre (Singapore). The views don't necessarily represent those of
China Daily.

(China Daily 07/02/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/46/156202846433.jpg

00221917e13e1e84e10926.jpg


                              19 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              July 2, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Huawei suppliers' stock rises as Trump eases ban

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Shares of suppliers of Huawei Technologies Co surged on Monday after US
President Donald Trump said he agreed to allow the Chinese tech giant to resume
purchases of some components and software from the United States.

But the decision to loosen restrictions on Huawei received a mixed response from
analysts. Many warned that the world's largest telecom equipment maker needs to
remain vigilant and keep investing in core technologies.

DBG Holdings Ltd, an electronics manufacturing service provider for Huawei,
soared by the daily limit of 10 percent in Shenzhen, Guangdong province. Largan
Precision, which supplies smartphone components to Huawei, also surged by the 10
percent daily limit in Taipei.

The increases came after Trump said in a tweet, "At the request of our high-tech
companies... I agreed to allow Chinese company Huawei to buy product from them
which will not impact our national security."

Lyu Tingjie, a professor at Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications,
said this is positive news for Huawei's consumer-oriented business, with its
smartphones and personal computers likely to be relieved of the pressure of
being cut off from the operating systems of Google and Microsoft.

"The US government made a concession and knew that banning Huawei harms the US
tech companies' interests. But it fails to define clearly which products will
continue being restricted and Huawei's core network and 5G base station business
may still suffer from the ban," Lyu said.

"Huawei must remain vigilant and continue investing in core technologies to
perfect its backup plan," Lyu added.

Last month, Washington added Huawei to its Entity List, which restricts
companies from providing to Huawei any technology originating in the US without
government approval. On May 21, Huawei was granted a 90-day general license
allowing it to keep existing networks and issue updates to existing phones,
tablets and other devices through mid-August.

White House economic adviser Larry Kudlow said in two US television programs on
Sunday that Huawei will remain on the US blacklist, and "what's happening now is
simply a loosening up for general merchandise", such as chips and software
generally available around the world, but not products considered to have
national security sensitivity, the Associated Press reported.

Huawei did not comment on the latest development, but the company released a
document on Saturday quoting founder Ren Zhengfei as saying, "The US Entity List
is not a death threat for us." Ren reiterated that the company itself can supply
all of its high-end core chipsets, though it may need some time to find
replacements for some components.

Wang Yanhui, secretary-general of the Mobile China Alliance, said loosening
restrictions gives the right amount of time that Huawei needs to find
alternatives and accelerate development of its own technologies, but the company
needs to "remain wary of challenges ahead".

The securities company China International Capital Corp said in a research note
that restarting sales of some US products to Huawei has strengthened investors'
confidence in the development of 5G in China and that Huawei's challenges will
not affect the country's rollout of superfast technology.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 07/02/2019 page3)


                              20 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              July 1, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: On chinadaily.com.cn

BODY:

Jobs: Companies ranked by students

Telecom giant Huawei was named the country's most attractive employer for
engineering students, according to a recent survey by research and management
consultancy Universum. The results were based on answers from more than 50,000
students at about 110 of the country's top universities, according to Universum.
Internet companies Xiaomi and Alibaba took the second and third spots
respectively. Visit our website to have a look at the most attractive employers
for graduates.

Travel: Garden shows nature's wonders

Visitors can see giant lotus and sparkling fireflies at the botanical gardens in
Xishuangbanna Dai autonomous prefecture in Yunnan province starting on Monday.
The giant lotus is also known as "the lotus of the Queen". Its leaf is the
largest of all aquatic plants, with a diameter that can reach 3 meters. The edge
of the leaf curves up, forming the shape of a boat. It can hold 70 kilograms,
and people can stand on it. At night, fireflies abound in the garden and twinkle
like stars.

Society: Sleek capsules for nappers at airport

Passengers sometimes find it exhausting to travel back and forth between the
airport and a nearby hotel while towing heavy luggage. It can also be awkward to
find a decent position when lying on the chairs in the waiting areas. But now,
capsule hotels are making a comeback, and they're coming to the airport in
Hangzhou, Zhejiang province. The capsule hotels offer services such as overnight
stays, wifi connections and relaxing massages. It costs 30 yuan ($4.40) for a
30-minute stay.

Culture: Family want to preserve papermaking

Near Tantou, in southwestern Hunan province where bamboo grows in the mountains,
ancient handmade papermaking skills have been inherited since the Sui Dynasty
(581-618), which made Tantou a renowned papermaking center. Since 2015, Li
Qiugui, 35, has been committed to preserving the ancient craft, which he learned
from his father Li Zhijun, including papermaking techniques such as bamboo
cutting, soaking, crushing, squeezing and drying. Li Qiugui hopes he and his
father can develop their own workshop into a papermaking institute.

(China Daily 07/01/2019 page22)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/40/156194210894.jpg

a41f726b05111e839ad436.jpg


                              21 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              July 1, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Strengthening China's App (le) economy

BYLINE: Ma Si in Beijing and Yang Jun in Guiyang

BODY:

Isabel Ge Mahe, vice-president and managing director of Apple in China, started
off her career on the technical management side but graduated to business
administration, leveraging both her aptitude and educational qualifications.

Isabel Ge Mahe sharpens US tech giant's focus on the Chinese market with new
initiatives

Isabel Ge Mahe, vice-president and managing director of Apple in China, started
off her career on the technical management side but graduated to business
administration, leveraging both her aptitude and educational qualifications.

This helped strengthen Apple's technical as well as non-technical initiatives in
China, the latest of which is going to open later this summer - the company's
first design and development accelerator in China.

The center, to be based in Shanghai, will provide technical support to
developers who work on Apple software. Through the facility, Apple will present
lectures, seminars, experiments, speeches and training. It will also organize
regular networking events to help the developer community in China and its
neighborhood to improve the design, quality and performance of their products.

The upcoming Shanghai facility will be in line with Apple's recent thrust in
China. Since 2017, it has set up four research and development centers in China
- one each in Beijing, Shenzhen, Shanghai, and Suzhou - entailing a combined
investment of 3.5 billion yuan ($509 million) and employment for over 1,000
people dedicated to innovation in hardware, software and services.

"We are continuing to grow the scale of these centers in China and welcome more
talented professionals to join us," Ge said.

Since taking the helm of Apple Inc's China business two years ago, Ge has been
committed to building a vibrant local ecosystem. Her impressive technical record
and understanding of local culture - Ge is fluent in Chinese - come in handy.

Born in Shenyang, Liaoning, a province in Northeast China, she armed herself
with higher education and corporate job experience in the United States. She got
a MBA from the University of California, Berkeley and acquired master's in
electrical engineering from Simon Fraser University in British Columbia.

Ge returned to China in 2017, and was impressed immediately by the nation's
rapid adoption of digitalization and the innovative prowess of local software
developers.

"Chinese software developers have grown to be a very admirable community of
innovators and they are leading the world in terms of app downloads and
revenue," she said in an interview with China Daily.

Now, over 2.2 million Chinese developers are active on Apple's App Store which
was launched in 2010. Their combined global sales on the platform have exceeded
200 billion yuan.

The number continues to grow as the California-based company steps up
investments in China, the world's largest consumer electronics market.

"Through Apple's App Store, Chinese developers' products have entered the global
stage and many of them have become successful cases internationally," Ge said.

She cited the global success of short video-sharing app TikTok, also known as
Douyin in China, and the apps developed by China's Palace Museum, as examples of
China's innovative ability.

TikTok has 75 language versions and is liked by users from over 150 countries
and regions, while the 11 apps developed by the Palace Museum have been
downloaded by over 5 million users across the world.

"In the future, Apple and Chinese developers will enhance their cooperation in
the education and technology sectors, and hopefully Apple would contribute more
to China's app economy," she said.

Before coming to Shanghai, Ge led the US company's wireless technologies
software engineering teams for nine years. Looking back, she admitted it is
challenging to transition from a technical management job to run business in
China.

"But I am very grateful to have the opportunity to return to China from the US.
We have a wonderful team of around 13,000 employees in China. They offer me
great help."

She has worked closely with Apple's local R&D team and carrier partners to
develop new China-specific features for iPhone and iPad, including dual-SIM
cards function, QR code support and short messaging service fraud prevention.
Apple has also enabled the use of a phone number as an Apple ID.

"We want to offer better localized services. That is what I have been constantly
pushing forward and what I like most," Ge said.

She also hailed the smooth progress of the construction of Apple's first China
data center in Guiyang, Guizhou province, adding that the company had received
tremendous support from the local government.

"Apple's recent moves demonstrate it no longer views China as a mere market but
as an indispensable part of the company's efforts in innovation," said Xiang
Ligang, director-general of the Information Consumption Alliance, a telecom
industry association.

That is key to ensuring competence when it is locked in fierce competition with
players such as Huawei Technologies Co in China as well as outside, Xiang said.

A mother of four, Ge said one of the keys to work-life balance is to "cherish
every moment spent together and give the kids all of your focus while staying
together".

The company is working to help more rural students in China access digital
technologies. Last year, Apple said it would donate 25 million yuan to the China
Development Research Foundation as part of its efforts to help students in the
nation's less-developed areas.

"Everyone can learn computer programing. We hope Apple's technology can be used
to help more students catch the trend of digitalization," Ge said.

Contact the writers at masi@chinadaily.com.cn

MA SI in Beijing and YANG JUN in Guiyang

Isabel Ge Mahe, vice-president and managing director of Apple in China,
addresses a sub-forum during the Big Data Expo in Guiyang, capital of Guizhou
province, on May 26. Provided to China Daily

(China Daily 07/01/2019 page17)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/91/156194211533.jpg

a41f726b05111e8394c61c.jpg


                              22 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              July 1, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Xi-Trump meeting a welcome relief for Huawei

BYLINE: Liang Zheng

BODY:

One of the most encouraging signs that emerged from the meeting between
President Xi Jinping and US President Donald Trump on the sidelines of the G20
Summit in Osaka on Saturday was the softening of Trump's stance on the sanctions
the US administration had imposed on Chinese telecommunications equipment
provider Huawei. Trump said US companies can continue selling telecom components
to Huawei.

If US companies indeed continue selling telecom components to Huawei, it will
come as a big relief to the world at a time when the international community
fears the "technology decoupling" of world's largest and second-largest
economies could undermine global technological development, especially the
commercialization of 5G technology, in which Huawei is a leading global player.

Previously the US administration was reportedly mulling banning 5G telecom
equipment designed and manufactured in China, including those made by
multinational companies such as Ericsson and Nokia, from the US market.

The fact is, as a global leader in 5G, Huawei is too big to fail. After the US
administration banned American companies from selling chips to Huawei and other
Chinese companies, Silicon Valley has suffered as much, if not more than, Huawei
. Besides, some companies continued to supply chips to Huawei via their overseas
branches in order to avoid violating the US ban.

Hopefully, the Xi-Trump meeting and the likely resumption of trade talks between
China and the US will prompt Washington to adopt a consistent and the right
approach toward Chinese high-tech companies, not least because China tends to
treat all companies, domestic as well as foreign, equally.

For example, with research and development centers and manufacturing bases in
China, Ericsson and Nokia have won big contracts in the just launched bid for 5G
network devices. These companies have been supplying to markets and serving
telecom operators and enterprises across the globe, by capitalizing on China's
skilled workforce, world-class infrastructure and complete industrial chain.

Yet, if the US does not lift the ban, such companies would have to endure higher
production costs. They could even be forced to transfer their businesses out of
China, although both Ericsson and Nokia claim they can operate production bases
in other countries despite the higher costs, due to the flexible supply chain.

Worse, disruptions in production and supply would slow the pace of 5G's
commercialization worldwide, including in the US. As a 5G technology leader,
Huawei has set up 14 R&D and 36 joint innovation centers around the world,
joined more than 400 standards organizations, industrial alliances and open
source communities.

Also, nearly half of Huawei's revenue comes from overseas and more than 70
percent of its employees are local recruits. And 33 of its 92 core suppliers, as
disclosed by Huawei late last year, are US enterprises including chip-making
companies Broadcom, Qualcomm, Micron, Intel, Texas Instruments and NVIDIA
Corporation, and software vendors Google and Microsoft.

In 2018, Huawei spent $70 billion on procurement of parts, of which $11 billion
went to US companies. So a US technology export ban would not only affect
Huawei's operations but also drag down the US companies' stocks.

As 3GPP, a standards organization, said, banning Huawei, its most important
contributor, from relevant discussions on technology could lead to the
organization's breakdown and thus create grave uncertainties for the development
of 5G standards.

On the other hand, the change in the attitude of some international
organizations including the lawsuit filed by Fed-Ex, which redirected two Huawei
parcels to US addresses, against the US Commerce Department reflect the previous
US ban on Huawei and other Chinese companies did disrupt normal business
cooperation.

It's time the US realized the importance of cooperation with economies such as
China, which is home to companies such as Huawei.

The global telecom sector is large enough to accommodate both China and the US,
especially as each has its own unique advantages, said Ren Zhengfei, the founder
of Huawei. And only through cooperation can Chinese and US companies sharpen
their competitiveness, build a win-win relationship, and pave the way for a
bright future for the global digital economy.

The author is a professor at the School of Public Policy and Management,
Tsinghua University, and deputy director of China Institute for Science and
Technology Policy at Tsinghua University. The views don't necessarily represent
those of China Daily.

(China Daily 07/01/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/54/156194211957.jpg

00221917e13e1e83a0eb46.jpg


                              23 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              July 1, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Xi-Trump meeting puts focus back on dialogue

BODY:

The world breathed a sigh of relief when presidents Xi Jinping and Donald Trump
once again hit the pause button on the unfolding China-US trade war when they
met in Osaka on Saturday on the sidelines of the G20 Summit.

Following their June 18 phone conversation, which put the two sides' negotiators
back in contact, the Chinese and US leaders formally announced the resumption of
trade talks - which is probably the most that could be expected from their
meeting.

A meeting that achieved less would have prolonged their standoff, if not added
fuel to their frictions, and either of these outcomes would have taken a heavier
toll on both economies, sent amplified jitters through the global markets and
darkened the prospects for the global economy.

And given the present level of divergences between the two sides, one that
accomplished conspicuously more was simply out of the question.

So this was indeed, as the US president put it, "as good as it was going to be".
And that is not something to be sniffed at. After all, the meeting removed a
tough roadblock, and put the two parties "right back on track".

Given that both sides had seemed to be digging in, it is perhaps an achievement
in itself that the two leaders - in what President Xi described as their
"course-setting and helm-holding" roles - managed to avert the head-on collision
that had appeared imminent.

But although the negotiations are set to reopen where they left off - rekindling
hopes of a deal - there is no avoiding the fact that the outcome of their
Saturday meeting is still very much like the one the two leaders produced in
Argentina in December, another cease-fire.

While avoiding the worst-case scenario and allowing more time, and thus a
greater likelihood of maneuvering a deal, Saturday's agreement is no guarantee
there will be one.

Even though Washington agreed to postpone levying additional tariffs on Chinese
goods to make way for negotiations, and Trump even hinted at putting off
decisions on Huawei until the end of negotiations, things are still very much up
in the air, and that is how they will no doubt remain until a deal is formally
signed, sealed and delivered.

Agreement on 90 percent of the issues has proved to be not enough, and with the
remaining 10 percent where their fundamental differences reside, it is not going
to be easy to reach 100 percent, since at this point, they remain widely apart
even on the conceptual level.

Striking a badly needed trade deal is proving arduous enough. A remodeled
China-US relationship featuring coordination, cooperation and stability as its
keynotes, as Xi proposed in Osaka, is going to require even greater shared
resolve to engineer.

For a deal acceptable to both, and for the well-being of future ties, Beijing
and Washington must redouble their efforts to bridge the gaps between their
respective requests - Beijing's for "equality and respect" Washington's for
"reciprocity" and "fairness".

(China Daily 07/01/2019 page8)


                              24 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              July 1, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: US business groups voice relief at revival of talks

BYLINE: Zhao Huanxin in Washington

BODY:

Major US business groups said on Saturday that they were encouraged and relieved
that the economic teams of United States and China will restart talks and that
Washington will not impose new tariffs on Chinese imports.

They also expressed the hope that the progress made at a meeting of the two
countries' leaders will lead to the end of the trade war.

"The US-China Business Council and its members are pleased that the United
States and China have agreed to get back to the negotiating table on trade
issues and to postpone further escalation of their tariff battles," the business
council said in Washington, hours after Chinese President Xi Jinping and US
President Donald Trump met on the sidelines of the G20 Osaka Summit.

"We're going to work with China where we left off," Trump said on Saturday. He
said he will allow US companies to sell some components to Huawei, the Chinese
telecom giant that was put on a US Commerce Department blacklist last month on
national security grounds.

The US-China Business Council represents about 200 US companies that do business
with China, including Apple and Microsoft. It also includes chipmakers Intel and
Qualcomm, which had earlier said they would stop selling supplies to Huawei
"until further notice".

John Neuffer, president and CEO of the Semiconductor Industry Association, said
the progress made at the presidential meeting in Osaka was good news for the
semiconductor industry, the overall tech sector, and the world's two largest
economies.

"We are encouraged the talks are restarting, and additional tariffs are on hold.
We look forward to getting more detail on the president's remarks on Huawei," he
said on Saturday.

The association, which represents companies that account for 95 percent of
semiconductor production in the US, has been opposing tariff escalation on
Chinese imports.

At a hearing on June 18 on the planned 25 percent tariffs for an additional $300
billion worth of Chinese goods, Devi Keller, the association's director of
global policy, said, "If tariffs on key consumer IT products are implemented,
the economic consequences for the US IT industry will be crippling."

At least 300 US companies and trade groups attended the seven-day hearings, and
the overwhelming majority of them lamented that additional tariffs would raise
consumer prices, disrupt supply chains and potentially ruin businesses.

Also on Saturday, Gary Shapiro, president and CEO of the Consumer Technology
Association, said Trump "wisely" decided against imposing more tariffs on China.

"But we still need a trade deal that removes all tariffs - which are simply
taxes paid by US consumers and businesses," Shapiro said in a statement.

Jason Oxman, president and CEO of the Information Technology Industry Council,
said his organization, the "global voice of the tech sector", was "relieved"
that Trump had reconsidered his threat to impose additional tariffs.

"Given the size and influence of both the US and Chinese economies, we must
address and resolve our differences in the interest of the global economy,"
Oxman said.

"We urge both sides to continue to confer in good faith and conclude a deal that
addresses long-standing tech trade issues and moves toward a more open and
reciprocal US-China economic relationship," he said.

Other organizations also expressed optimism and hope that the US and China can
reach a deal.

Myron Brilliant, executive vice-president and head of international affairs at
the US Chamber of Commerce, said the organization hopes Beijing and Washington
are now prepared to "go the last mile" to achieve an agreement.

The National Retail Federation, a leading opponent of tariffs in the US, said it
hoped that progress made during talks between the two presidents lead to the end
of the two countries' trade war.

"Pulling back from the brink of further tariff escalation is a good sign for
retailers and their customers, and we look forward to continued progress in the
talks with China so that further tariffs can be avoided and existing ones
lifted," said David French, the National Retail Federation's senior
vice-president for government relations.

huanxinzhao@chinadailyusa.com

(China Daily 07/01/2019 page3)


                              25 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              July 1, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Xi, Trump lift confidence around globe

BYLINE: Cao Desheng and Wang Xu in Osaka, Japan

BODY:

The resumption of trade talks agreed to by the presidents of China and the
United States has injected much-needed confidence into world markets, relieving
pressure in a long dispute that has contributed to global economic slowdown.

High-level agreement welcomed, but details of resolution will provide key test,
experts say

The resumption of trade talks agreed to by the presidents of China and the
United States has injected much-needed confidence into world markets, relieving
pressure in a long dispute that has contributed to global economic slowdown.

However, analysts said, pressing the pause button on trade friction between the
two countries doesn't mean the dispute has ended, as tariffs on hundreds of
billions of dollars worth of goods are still in place and the two sides still
have much to negotiate.

During their meeting on Saturday in Osaka, Japan, President Xi Jinping and his
US counterpart, Donald Trump, agreed to restart trade negotiations based on
equality and mutual respect.

They also set the tone for the world's two largest economies to jointly advance
a China-US relationship featuring coordination, cooperation and stability.

Trump described the 80-minute meeting as "excellent" and "better than expected",
and said Washington will not add new tariffs on imports from China. He had
threatened to apply new duties to $300 billion of Chinese imports.

For now, the leaders' agreement helps cool the dispute, which had been
escalating, and avoid an expansion to a wider range of fields, with the creation
of an "economic Iron Curtain", said Shen Jianguang, vice-president and chief
economist at JD Digits, a Chinese fintech group, in an online posting.

Despite the positive takeaways from the presidents' meeting, however, some
analysts remained cautious about the way forward to a mutually beneficial trade
deal. Exactly how the two sides close the gap will be the real test of any trade
truce, they said.

Tom Watkins, an adviser to the Detroit Chinese Business Association, said
finding sensible, mutually respectful, win-win solutions to the trade dispute
will be good for the people of China, the US and the global economy.

But he added that both sides must proceed with the understanding that no
agreement can stand the test of time unless both are invested in its success.

Luigi Gambardella, president of ChinaEU, a Brussels-based international
association promoting digital cooperation, said that a real end to the trade
friction will require effort.

"Let us hope that there will be one," he said. "The earlier, the better."

Trump effectively ended the current ban on sales by US companies to Chinese
telecom giant Huawei. At a news conference after the Osaka meeting he said US
companies could resume selling products, so long as the sales did not involve
equipment that threatened US national security.

State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi hailed the importance of
head-of-state diplomacy in China-US relations, saying the consensus reached by
the two presidents sent an active and positive message to the international
community.

Alan Barrell, director of Studies Cambridge Innovation Academy in London, said
the resumption of trade talks between China and the US is excellent news for the
world at large. "Trade wars are never won - history proves that," Barrell said.

Xi told Trump during their meeting that, despite the great changes in the
international situation and in China-US relations, some basic facts remain
unchanged: China and the United States both benefit from cooperation and lose in
confrontation, and cooperation and dialogue are better than friction and
confrontation.

Beijing and Washington have highly converged interests and extensive areas of
cooperation and should not fall into the trap of conflict and confrontation, Xi
said.

Trump said he harbors no hostility toward China and hopes for better relations.
He said US-China trade negotiations are now "right back on track", and that the
two countries can be "strategic partners".

Jon Taylor, a professor of political science at the University of St. Thomas in
Houston, said Trump's expression is significant, as it appears to represent a
change in the US National Security Strategy from December 2017, which labeled
China a "strategic competitor" and a revisionist power.

The two presidents also exchanged views on "fundamental issues", including the
Taiwan question and the nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula, a statement
released after the meeting said.

Han Baoyi, Zhao Huanxin, Hong Xiao and Chen Weihua contributed to this story.

Contact the writers at caodesheng@chinadaily.com.cn

President Xi Jinping meets with US President Donald Trump in Osaka, Japan, on
Saturday.Feng Yongbin / China Daily

(China Daily 07/01/2019 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/54/156194212555.jpg

00221917e13e1e838d1208.jpg


                              26 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 29, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: President meets with foreign leaders at G20

BODY:

Editor's Note: President Xi Jinping met with a number of foreign leaders for
talks on Friday on the sidelines of the G20 Summit in Osaka, Japan. The
following are the highlights of the meetings.

South Africa

In a meeting with South African President Cyril Ramaphosa, Xi said China will
intensify political mutual trust and pragmatic cooperation.

The two countries should continue to support each other on issues related to
their core interests and major concerns, Xi said.

He called for strengthening the synergy between South Africa's action plan in
the next five years and the Belt and Road Initiative as well as the eight major
initiatives China proposed at the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa
Cooperation.

The two sides should also deepen cooperation in such areas as production
capacity, infrastructure construction, human resource development, digital
economy and high technology, Xi said.

China is willing to share with South Africa its experiences in poverty
elimination to support it in realizing its development goals, Xi said.

Ramaphosa said South Africa values the comprehensive strategic partnership with
China and wants to strengthen exchanges with China in governance experiences.

He said South Africa welcomes and supports Chinese companies, including Huawei,
investing and conducting business in his country, and is also willing to have
close communication and coordination with China within multilateral frameworks
such as the G20 and BRICS.

Indonesia

While meeting with Indonesian President Joko Widodo, Xi urged the two countries
to continue making efforts to open up new prospects for joint development and
win-win cooperation as next year marks the 70th anniversary of their bilateral
ties.

Xi said the two countries should step up the sharing of governance experiences
and promote construction of the Jakarta-Bandung high-speed railway and the
Regional Comprehensive Economic Corridor.

The two countries should jointly improve and upgrade bilateral cooperation under
the Belt and Road Initiative, he said.

Xi noted that China is willing to carry out cooperation with ASEAN countries in
areas like smart city construction and the digital economy to allow technology
and innovation to be the driving forces for bilateral and regional development.

The spirit of building a new form of international relations and a community
with a shared future for mankind is in line with the spirit of cooperation the
Bandung Conference advocated 64 years ago, Xi said.

The Indonesian president said he attached great importance to cooperation with
China, and Indonesia would like to join hands with China to build the Belt and
Road, deepen their trade relations and promote the construction of key projects.

Germany

China's promise to further its opening-up is by no means an empty pledge, and
China welcomes German companies to continue to explore its market, Xi said when
meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel.

It is indeed necessary for China and Germany to keep communicating and
coordinating with each other at a time when the international situation is
getting increasingly complicated, Xi said.

China and Germany should transform competition into forces driving cooperation,
and the two countries' companies and research institutes are welcome to
cooperate in areas including self-driving vehicles, artificial intelligence and
5G telecommunications technologies, he said.

China also hopes to work with Germany to conclude negotiations over an
investment agreement with the European Union by next year and to start China-EU
cooperation in free trade as soon as possible, Xi said.

Merkel said Germany hopes to strengthen communication, coordination and
cooperation with China, and she looks forward to visiting China in the near
future.

Germany hopes to discuss cooperation with China within the framework of the Belt
and Road Initiative, actively promote the development of EU-China ties and work
for an early signing of the EU-China investment agreement, Merkel said.

United Nations

While meeting with United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres, Xi said
the Persian Gulf situation is sensitive and the region is standing at the
crossroads of war or peace amid growing turbulence in the complex international
situation.

He urged all parties concerned to remain calm, exercise restraint and strengthen
dialogue and consultations to jointly safeguard regional peace and stability.

Xi said the more complex and severe the situation is, the more the authority and
the role of the UN should be highlighted.

The G20 Osaka Summit needs to take into full consideration global development
needs and send a proper message to the outside world, Xi said.

As China appreciates Guterres' efforts in promoting international cooperation on
climate change, Xi said the country will help produce positive results from the
UN 2019 Climate Action Summit.

Guterres highly commended China's long-term contributions to advancing a
political settlement of the nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula as well as
coping with climate change and promoting sustainable development.

The UN hopes China will play a bigger role in helping lead international
affairs, and it remains committed to working with China to play roles in global
governance, he said.

China Daily

(China Daily 06/29/2019 page3)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/83/156176213240.jpg

00221917e13e1e80e17208.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/13/156176213284.jpg

00221917e13e1e80e17909.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/46/156176213330.jpg

00221917e13e1e80e17d0a.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/38/156176213359.jpg

00221917e13e1e80e1800b.jpg


                              27 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 29, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Helicopters to cut HK, Shenzhen travel time

BYLINE: Qiu Quanlin in Shenzhen

BODY:

A maiden helicopter flight between Guangdong province and neighboring Hong Kong
was launched on Friday in Shenzhen, a move that will greatly increase travel
efficiency between the economic powerhouse in South China and the special
administrative region.

The cross-border helicopter flight would help cut travel time to Hong Kong from
Shenzhen to just 15 minutes, according to Shenzhen Eastern General Aviation.

Usually it takes about three hours by land, given that crossborder customs
clearance consumes a lot of time.

"Demand for cross-border flight service is increasing between Hong Kong and
Shenzhen, where a number of transnational companies have already developed huge
overseas businesses," said Zhao Lin, chairman of Shenzhen Eastern General
Aviation.

According to Zhao, the company is committed to building a faster transportation
network in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area by building up to
1,000 helipads within the next five years.

"The faster low-altitude flight network will expand to 500 kilometers around
Shenzhen," said Zhao, adding the Greater Bay Area will be enabled with a
15-minute trip by helicopter within the next few years.

In addition to business travel, the cross-border helicopter flight will also be
used for emergency medical service and tourism, according to Zhao.

"The Greater Bay Area has unique tourism resources - from Hong Kong's Victoria
Harbor to Shenzhen Bay, visitors are able to have a perfect view of the cities,"
said Zhao.

Citing Huawei Technologies, which has developed great demand for overseas
business travel because 70 percent of its business is related to the overseas
market, Su Wei, deputy director of the civil aviation development of the
Shenzhen transportation bureau, said more helicopter bases would be built.

The cross-border helicopter service would help increase business and social
integration between Hong Kong and other cities in the Greater Bay Area,
according to Su.

Helicopters used in the maiden flight are the Airbus 135 light twin-engine
helicopter, which has a relatively big space and higher safety standard,
according to Marie-Agnes Veve, general manager of Airbus Helicopters China.

"China is the most promising helicopter market in the world. We will introduce
more models to the market," she said.

qiuquanlin@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/29/2019 page2)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/51/156176213789.jpg

00221917e13e1e80e12d07.jpg


                              28 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 29, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Nation to push developing its own key software

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

China will ramp up its push to achieve breakthroughs in crucial software, with a
focus on encouraging fundamental theoretical innovation and promoting
cross-sector cooperation, the country's top industry regulator said on Friday.

The move comes as companies are placing growing emphasis on domestically
developing crucial software as a backup plan in case foreign products become
unavailable.

Miao Wei, minister of industry and information technology, said China will
strengthen research on software engineering and fundamental computer algorithms
to move up in the global industrial chain.

More effort will be made to deepen cooperation among enterprises, academia and
research institutes to promote high-quality development, Miao added.

China's software industry has made significant progress in recent years, he
said, but it still faces a string of challenges, including the lack of globally
competitive enterprises and structural shortages of talent.

The nation's software sector posted revenue growth of 14.8 percent year-on-year
in the year's first four months, according to the ministry. Its capability for
innovation has been rising, with the number of software

The government will continue policies favorable to the software industry,
including tax breaks and tax cuts, Miao said on Friday. Despite rising global
economic uncertainty, the ministry also will promote international cooperation
in software products and services, he added.

Chen Zuoning, vice-president of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, said China
has quite a few bright spots in consumer software, such as the social networking
mobile app WeChat. The development cycle for this type of software is relatively
short, and China has the world's largest market, which can fuel its growth.

"But the country has a weak voice in industrial software, which requires
long-term effort for fundamental and comprehensive research as well as hefty
capital investment. We should have the determination to develop such software
over years or decades," Chen said.

The academician also called for a greater research push on next-generation
operating systems intended for artificial intelligence applications.

"We need to consider how an operating system will function in the AI era. It can
feel and recognize objects, be able to reason and make decisions. Within a
scope, it will even be able to alter how it works by learning from what has
happened," Chen said.

Wang Yanhui, secretary-general of the Mobile China Alliance, said companies are
placing greater emphasis on developing globally competitive homegrown software
after the United States government restricted Chinese tech major Huawei
Technologies Co from using Google's operating system in its mobile phones and
that of Microsoft in its personal computers.

"With more resources diverted in that direction, the key is building up a
software ecosystem and promoting the application of homegrown products," Wang
said.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/29/2019 page1)


                              29 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 29, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: President meets with foreign leaders at G20

BODY:

Editor's Note: President Xi Jinping met with a number of foreign leaders for
talks on Friday on the sidelines of the G20 Summit in Osaka, Japan. The
following are the highlights of the meetings.

South Africa

In a meeting with South African President Cyril Ramaphosa, Xi said China will
intensify political mutual trust and pragmatic cooperation.

The two countries should continue to support each other on issues related to
their core interests and major concerns, Xi said.

He called for strengthening the synergy between South Africa's action plan in
the next five years and the Belt and Road Initiative as well as the eight major
initiatives China proposed at the Beijing Summit of the Forum on China-Africa
Cooperation.

The two sides should also deepen cooperation in such areas as production
capacity, infrastructure construction, human resource development, digital
economy and high technology, Xi said.

China is willing to share with South Africa its experiences in poverty
elimination to support it in realizing its development goals, Xi said.

Ramaphosa said South Africa values the comprehensive strategic partnership with
China and wants to strengthen exchanges with China in governance experiences.

He said South Africa welcomes and supports Chinese companies, including Huawei,
investing and conducting business in his country, and is also willing to have
close communication and coordination with China within multilateral frameworks
such as the G20 and BRICS.

Indonesia

While meeting with Indonesian President Joko Widodo, Xi urged the two countries
to continue making efforts to open up new prospects for joint development and
win-win cooperation as next year marks the 70th anniversary of their bilateral
ties.

Xi said the two countries should step up the sharing of governance experiences
and promote construction of the Jakarta-Bandung high-speed railway and the
Regional Comprehensive Economic Corridor.

The two countries should jointly improve and upgrade bilateral cooperation under
the Belt and Road Initiative, he said.

Xi noted that China is willing to carry out cooperation with ASEAN countries in
areas like smart city construction and the digital economy to allow technology
and innovation to be the driving forces for bilateral and regional development.

The spirit of building a new form of international relations and a community
with a shared future for mankind is in line with the spirit of cooperation the
Bandung Conference advocated 64 years ago, Xi said.

The Indonesian president said he attached great importance to cooperation with
China, and Indonesia would like to join hands with China to build the Belt and
Road, deepen their trade relations and promote the construction of key projects.

Germany

China's promise to further its opening-up is by no means an empty pledge, and
China welcomes German companies to continue to explore its market, Xi said when
meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel.

It is indeed necessary for China and Germany to keep communicating and
coordinating with each other at a time when the international situation is
getting increasingly complicated, Xi said.

China and Germany should transform competition into forces driving cooperation,
and the two countries' companies and research institutes are welcome to
cooperate in areas including self-driving vehicles, artificial intelligence and
5G telecommunications technologies, he said.

China also hopes to work with Germany to conclude negotiations over an
investment agreement with the European Union by next year and to start China-EU
cooperation in free trade as soon as possible, Xi said.

Merkel said Germany hopes to strengthen communication, coordination and
cooperation with China, and she looks forward to visiting China in the near
future.

Germany hopes to discuss cooperation with China within the framework of the Belt
and Road Initiative, actively promote the development of EU-China ties and work
for an early signing of the EU-China investment agreement, Merkel said.

United Nations

While meeting with United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres, Xi said
the Persian Gulf situation is sensitive and the region is standing at the
crossroads of war or peace amid growing turbulence in the complex international
situation.

He urged all parties concerned to remain calm, exercise restraint and strengthen
dialogue and consultations to jointly safeguard regional peace and stability.

Xi said the more complex and severe the situation is, the more the authority and
the role of the UN should be highlighted.

The G20 Osaka Summit needs to take into full consideration global development
needs and send a proper message to the outside world, Xi said.

As China appreciates Guterres' efforts in promoting international cooperation on
climate change, Xi said the country will help produce positive results from the
UN 2019 Climate Action Summit.

Guterres highly commended China's long-term contributions to advancing a
political settlement of the nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula as well as
coping with climate change and promoting sustainable development.

The UN hopes China will play a bigger role in helping lead international
affairs, and it remains committed to working with China to play roles in global
governance, he said.

China Daily

(China Daily 06/29/2019 page3)


                              30 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 28, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Huawei says don't politicize intellectual property

BYLINE: Dai Kaiyi in Shenzhen and Ma Si in Beijing

BODY:

Huawei Technologies Co on Thursday warned that politicizing intellectual
property would break the foundation of global innovation, as part of the
company's broader push to safeguard its legitimate rights via open and
transparent dialogue on complex issues including patents.

Song Liuping, Huawei's chief legal officer, said: "If politicians use IP as a
political tool, they will destroy confidence in the patent protection system. If
some governments selectively strip companies of their IP, it will break the
foundation of global innovation."

The comments came after United States Senator Marco Rubio filed legislation to
prevent Huawei from suing for patent fees in US courts.

"If such a legislative proposal was to be passed, it would be a catastrophe for
global innovation. It would have terrible consequences," said Ding Jianxin, head
of Huawei's intellectual property department.

According to him, intellectual property is private property and protected by the
law. Disputes should be resolved through legal proceedings.

Since 2015, Huawei has paid more than $6 billion in royalties to legally
implement the IP of other companies, with nearly 80 percent of that paid to US
companies. At the same time, the company has received over $1.4 billion in
patent licensing revenue since then, data from Huawei show.

Media reported earlier this month said that Huawei asked US telecom carrier
Verizon Communications to pay $1 billion for licensing the rights to Huawei's
patented technology.

"We have no intention of weaponizing our IP, and we are against charging
exorbitant royalties," Ding said, adding that the fees Huawei charges are
"within reasonable range."

"It's not just Verizon or the US. We also have negotiations of licensing and
cross-licensing with other telecom operators - including those in Europe and
other regions around the world. Such activities are ongoing practices among
telecom companies," Ding added.

According to the company, Huawei adopts an open and cooperative attitude and
follows the principle of fair, reasonable and nondiscriminatory on patents
licensing.

As of the end of 2018, Huawei has been granted 87,805 patents, of which 11,152
are US patents.

The data were revealed as Huawei released a white paper on intellectual property
on Thursday, which highlighted that many of its technology breakthroughs are
incorporated into the open standards that govern 3G, 4G and 5G, demonstrating
the company's collaborative and respectful approach to IP.

As a result, even though some countries do not buy products directly from Huawei
, they still use the essential patents of Huawei, and share in the benefits of
the technology Huawei creates, the company added.

Wang Yanhui, secretary-general of Mobile China Alliance, said the white paper on
patents marks a new push for the Chinese company to better elaborate its
attitudes and history through an open and transparent attitude.

"Protecting patents is global common sense with no regard to boundaries. Any
endeavor to selectively strip companies of their IP is an outrageous disrespect
and violation of relevant laws," Wang said.

Contact the writers at masi@chinadaily.com.cn

Visitors try out Huawei smartphones at an industry expo in Shanghai. Gao Yuwen /
For China Daily

(China Daily 06/28/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/57/156168292606.jpg

a41f726b05111e7fa3a625.jpg


                              31 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 28, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: A lot at stake when Xi and Trump meet

BODY:

Since both Beijing and Washington understandably want to hold their cards close
to their chests until Xi Jinping and Donald Trump actually sit down to talk, it
remains difficult to foretell exactly how the widely anticipated Saturday
meeting between the two presidents on the sidelines of the G20 Summit in Osaka
will play out.

Both sides appear intent on seeking the best possible outcome, while being
prepared for the worst. For all the harshness in their respective rhetoric, both
parties need some kind, or at least degree, of truce. Because both are beginning
to feel the pain.

Yet ironing out the obviously substantial divergences between the two
governments and sealing a wholesale deal will take time.

So both have come with a Plan B.

"My Plan B with China is to take billions and billions a month ...and we'll do
less business with them," Trump said on Wednesday. Which is unrealistic.

Beijing's, as both the Foreign Ministry and official media are vowing, is to
"fight till the end" in that case. Such a scenario would be lose-lose, as it
would mean diminishing returns for both.

Global investors are pinning their hopes on the upcoming meeting producing a
breakthrough in the current impasse. The yet-to-be-confirmed report that China
and the United States have reached a tentative agreement to avert the threatened
tariffs helped Asian stock markets turn higher on Thursday.

If some kind of truce cake has indeed been baked, as some assume, it certainly
would be something worth celebrating.

After all, tense as they are, the trade frictions are the fuse of a broader and
more dangerous standoff that may not only pit the world's two largest economies
against each other, but also lead to the fragmentation of the global market and
the international community.

Former US treasury secretary Henry Paulson may have over-estimated the impacts
of US sanctions on Huawei in his latest Financial Times piece. Because they do
not work like a "death sentence" at all with Huawei raking in 5G contracts at
home and abroad.

But he made a critically important point in warning that "we now face the very
real prospect that an economic iron curtain may descend".

The US approach that threatens to "Balkanize" technology and "decouple" it from
China, as Paulson suggested, risks dividing the global technological and
economic landscape, isolating the US itself, and undermining US capabilities for
innovation.

His observations deserve a broader audience, especially those whole-heartedly
trumpeting an all-round trade war.

But as Paulson also pointed out, what is at stake goes far above and beyond a
trade war.

Which is why, despite their continuing differences, Beijing and Washington
should work together to make the upcoming Xi-Trump meeting a success.

(China Daily 06/28/2019 page8)


                              32 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 28, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: EU must speak up loud and clear against the US' unilateral moves

BYLINE: Chen Weihua

BODY:

The on-going G20 Summit in Osaka, Japan, is a crucial moment for the world to
uphold multilateralism and rules-based world order that are under the grave
attack by US unilateral and protectionist behaviors.

European Union leaders highlighted their goals for the summit on Wednesday in a
joint letter issued by European Council President Donald Tusk and European
Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker. They include upholding the rules-based
world order and multilateral institutions that underpin it and calling on the
G20 leaders to step up action to mitigate the existential climate threat and
safeguard free and fair global trade.

These are goals that leaders of China and many other countries have also been
advocating, in total contrast to the United States administration which has been
withdrawing from and ignoring international organizations and multilateral
agreements, and resorting to unilateral and protectionist "America First"
policies.

The EU leaders, however, have not been vocal enough to call out these disruptive
actions largely due to an unequal relationship with the US since the end of
World War II.

The EU and its member states, for example, are among the most active in pushing
for implementation of the Paris climate accord. But they have not censured the
US severely enough for pulling out of the 2015 Paris Agreement. Also, they did
not express any shock publicly when US Vice-President Mike Pence refused to
admit climate change is a threat to the US in a CNN interview on Sunday.

According to the Financial Times, which saw the draft G20
communiqu[#xfffd][#xfffd] prepared by the Japanese government, the document
avoids phrases such as "global warming" and "decarbonization" as an apparent
capitulation to the demands of the White House.

If it were indeed the case, would the EU endorse such a watered-down version on
climate change that contradicts its ambitious goals, in order to appease the US?

On Iran, the EU and its key member states, Britain, France and Germany, have
remained committed to the Iran nuclear deal despite the US withdrawing from the
agreement. They have tried hard to establish the Instex special purpose vehicle
to help companies bypass the US sanctions on Iran. And they opposed the latest
round of US sanctions on Iran announced on Monday. But the kind of forceful
language needed from the EU leaders to condemn the US actions was not there.

Though the EU is still unable to fight the US financial power, it's extremely
important for its leaders to speak up more often and more aggressively against
US bullying. Before leaving to attend the G20 Summit, Tusk noted that the
biggest risks to the global economic outlook are trade and geopolitical
tensions, saying he would take this message to the G20.

What is less clear is whether he will publicly call out the US administration
which has been waging an unjust tariff war against not only China but also many
other economies, including the EU, not to mention an unjust war against Chinese
high-tech companies such as Huawei.

In April, when the US threatened to slap tariffs on $11 billion worth of goods
from the EU in response to subsidies that support Airbus, the EU quickly
announced that it was considering imposing tariffs on $22 billion worth of
imports from the US.

It is no secret that the EU and most of its member states are at odds with a US
administration that swears by unilateralism and challenges the rules-based
international system. But only when they speak up loud and clear can the EU
fulfill its goals set for the G20 Summit and its aspiration to be a true global
leader.

The author is chief of China Daily EU Bureau based in Brussels.

chenweihua@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/28/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/44/156168292989.jpg

00221917e13e1e7f9e0222.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/66/156168293046.jpg

00221917e13e1e7f9e0823.jpg


                              33 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 28, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Hegemonic anxiety disorder of US has resulted in 'Chaos Americana'

BODY:

WASHINGTON SEES THE COLLECTIVE rise of the developing world as a threat. That
bodes trouble for all, Xinhua News Agency commented in an article published on
Wednesday. Excerpts:

Three decades of unrivaled hegemony has induced a historically ill-founded but
deeply entrenched belief in Washington that the United States is an exceptional
country above all others. Its past success in nipping in the bud any serious
challenger to its dominance has only reinforced this belief.

In the eyes of incumbent US policymakers, global rules are in place to serve it,
and any country that has a trade surplus with the US is ripping it off.

They have waged waves of tariff offensives against not only China, but also US
allies such as the European Union, Japan, the Republic of Korea and Canada,
regardless of the rising financial burdens on domestic consumers and businesses,
and the rules of the World Trade Organization.

The high-tech realm has also witnessed the US scrambling to secure its
supremacy. However, it is trying to do so not by sharpening its own edges in
fair competition, but by employing state power to drive out competitors.

Its unjustified attacks on Chinese telecommunications equipment provider Huawei
and other Chinese high-tech companies under the excuse of national security are
reminiscent of its erstwhile plot against Japan's once booming semiconductor
industry, and being widely interpreted as an attempt to sabotage China's
standard-setting capabilities.

In the realm of geopolitics, Washington's hegemonic anxiety disorder has become
even more conspicuous, especially in its policies on the Middle East and Latin
America.

Meanwhile, the current US government is seeking to reap the benefits of being a
"rogue superpower" while refusing to bear its due global responsibility. Its
withdrawal from the Paris climate accord and the Iran nuclear deal has breached
global efforts to address many of the world's most pressing challenges.

Western countries are disappointed to discover that it has become a big bully
pushing the world toward "Chaos Americana".

Hopefully, the G20 Summit in Osaka, Japan, on Friday and Saturday can awaken
Washington to the disservice it has done to the world, and prompt it to regain
its senses.

(China Daily 06/28/2019 page8)


                              34 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 27, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: CEO: FedEx cannot be US govt's policeman

BYLINE: Heng Weili in New York and Liu Zhihua in Beijing

BODY:

As FedEx Corp faces pressure after mishandling packages involving China's Huawei
Technologies Co Ltd, the US company has sued the US government, claiming that it
is "a transportation company, not a law enforcement agency."

FedEx filed a suit on Monday in US District Court in Washington DC, seeking to
enjoin the US Department of Commerce from enforcing prohibitions contained in
the Export Administration Regulations, also known as the EAR.

Frederick W. Smith, the company's CEO and chairman, told Fox News that FedEx
cannot be the US government's policeman for export and import controls.

"Huawei is just emblematic of the problem," Smith said.

"The Huawei incident concerns two packages, two out of 15 million ... That is
exactly the kind of confusing situation when any tiny number of packages becomes
an international cause celebre, because of these regulations that make FedEX and
other common carriers responsible for government regulations to prohibit exports
and imports, to certify that the shipper who may or may not be telling the truth
is in compliance with those exports regulations.

"Despite the fact that we have 15 million shipments a day, and if we make an
error on any one of them, without a trial, without any due process, we can be
fined $250,000 for a piece."

He said the company doesn't think these regulations are based on law.

"FedEx believes that the EAR violate common carriers' rights to due process
under the Fifth Amendment of the US Constitution as they unreasonably hold
common carriers strictly liable for shipments that may violate the EAR without
requiring evidence that the carriers had knowledge of any violations," FedEx
said in a statement.

"This puts an impossible burden on a common carrier such as FedEx to know the
origin and technological makeup of the contents of all the shipments it handles
and whether they comply with the EAR."

Last month, FedEx rerouted four packages bound for Huawei's headquarters in
Shenzhen, Guangdong province, to the United States, claiming "inadvertent
misrouting."

The incident led to a regulatory investigation by the Chinese government "on
suspicion of undermining the legitimate rights and interests of Chinese
clients."

Over the weekend, FedEx returned a New York-bound package containing a Huawei
smartphone, a P30 Pro, to the sender at PCMag's office in London.

According to Fortune.com, FedEx returned the phone with a note saying the
shipment was voided due to a "US government issue with Huawei and the Chinese
government."

FedEx's filing on Monday said that the US Department of Commerce restrictions
"essentially deputize Fed-Ex to police the content of the millions of packages
it ships daily even though doing so is a virtually impossible task,
logistically, economically, and in many cases, legally."

On May 16, the US Department of Commerce placed Huawei and 68 affiliates on an
"Entity List" that restricts companies from providing Huawei and its affiliates
with technology originating in the US without government approval. On May 20,
however, the US Department of Commerce said there would be a 90-day grace period
before the Huawei restrictions went into effect.

The lawsuit did not mention the Huawei incidents specifically.

"1,100 entities are now on the list (of the US Department of Commerce), with
five more just added on Friday. It is impossible even with the fantastic
computer systems and compliance investigation we made that we simply cannot be
the policeman for the US Department of Commerce," Smith said.

A spokesman for the US Department of Commerce told The Wall Street Journal that
it had yet to review FedEx's complaint.

FedEx's main rival, United Parcel Service Inc, said on Tuesday it would not be a
party to the lawsuit.

The US has accused Huawei of violating sanctions against Iran, a country with
which it is currently involved in an escalating political dispute.

Huawei has said that the US sanctions could cost it billions of dollars in
revenue. Numerous US semiconductor companies also stand to lose substantial
business with Huawei due to the restrictions.

Contact the writers at hengweili@chinadailyusa.com

(China Daily 06/27/2019 page13)


                              35 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 27, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Huawei: No delay in 5G product rollout

BYLINE: He Wei in Shanghai

BODY:

Huawei Technologies Co assured the public on Wednesday that its indigenous fifth
generation technologies and solutions are "not at all impacted by the ongoing
sanction" from Washington, and the company guarantees timely delivery for
customers who have signed or are preparing to sign 5G procurement contracts.

The Chinese telecom equipment giant said it is optimistic about maintaining its
large lead in the 5G competition and pledged to continue investment in the
superfast network, which is set to revolutionize industries and transform lives.

"Huawei has already invested $4 billion in 5G, and that investment strategy will
not change," said Hu Houkun, rotating chairman of Huawei, in a news conference
in Shanghai.

"We will continue to maintain our leadership position and continuously deliver
better performance and lower product costs, helping our customers deploy 5G
products."

Hu forecast total shipment of Huawei 5G base stations at 500,000 by year's end,
up from the current 150,000, which would "put it in a very leading role,
compared with all other vendors in the industry".

Huawei was placed last month on the United States Commerce Department's Entity
List, which bars it from buying parts and components from US companies without
US government approval. On May 21, Huawei was granted a 90-day general license
allowing it to keep existing networks and issue updates to existing phones,
tablets and other devices through mid-August.

Hu dismissed concerns that the restrictions would keep Huawei from making timely
delivery of products, saying business operations at Huawei are largely intact.
The company is ramping up efforts to reduce any effect on supply.

"I can tell you clearly that Huawei's 5G will not be affected at all. For
contracts we have already signed and contracts we are going to sign, we have all
the capability to ensure delivery for our customers."

Hu said performance indicators show some alternative supplies - including
self-developed solutions or sourcing from non-US partners - to be of superior
quality. Hu also said Huawei would still choose to buy from US vendors should
sanctions be lifted.

Huawei's deep technology reserve and wealth of patents minimize the effect of
sanctions on its 5G portfolio, said James Yan, research director at Counterpoint
Technology Market Research. He cited the possibility of Huawei turning things
around by trading patents or business models for other critical or much-needed
technologies.

"Many operators have been using Huawei's equipment and technologies for quite
some time. They will find it hard to quit using Huawei products and find equally
competitive alternatives in a short time. It will be too costly a price to pay,"
Yan said.

Hu has said many European partners think ending use of Huawei equipment would
delay the 5G rollout in their markets by about two years, representing "a huge
loss for everyone".

hewei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/27/2019 page1)


                              36 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            June 26, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: China Mobile delivers 5G terminals

BYLINE: Cheng Yu

BODY:

China Mobile, world's largest telecom carrier by mobile subscribers, announced
the delivery of over 10,000 5G terminals on Tuesday, which was the country's
first large-scale delivery of 5G devices just weeks after the issuing of
official 5G licenses.

Telecom carrier plans 50,000 base stations in over 50 cities this year

China Mobile, world's largest telecom carrier by mobile subscribers, announced
the delivery of over 10,000 5G terminals on Tuesday, which was the country's
first large-scale delivery of 5G devices just weeks after the issuing of
official 5G licenses.

According to Li Huidi, vice-president of China Mobile, a total of 42 types of
terminals, mainly consisting of smartphones and customer premise equipment, were
delivered to major device manufacturers such as Huawei Technologies Co, Xiaomi
Corp, Oppo, ZTE and One-Plus.

The fresh devices are likely to enter the market as early as in July after being
granted network access from the authorities, said Li ahead of the Mobile World
Congress Shanghai.

China Mobile releases its plan to offer 5G commercial services in more than 50
cities on Tuesday in Shanghai. Gao Erqiang / China Daily

Analysts said that the state-of-the-art technology is developing faster in China
than anywhere else in the world.

"As China has officially entered the 5G era, China Mobile will accelerate steps
to build the world's largest 5G network," said Yang Jie, the company's chairman.

The telecom carrier plans to build 50,000 5G base stations in over 50 cities
this year and will offer 5G services to all the prefecture-level cities next
year, he said.

While mounting voices questioned the high price of 5G devices, the company also
disclosed on Tuesday that it will likely launch its 5G handset at a price of
1,000 to 2,000 yuan ($145) by the end of next year.

Xiang Ligang, director-general of Information Consumption Alliance, a telecom
industry association, said the moves highlight that China Mobile has a sprawling
subscriber base, and it is relatively better funded than its rivals.

"Overall, whatever the amount of 5G devices it launches or their price, China is
moving much faster than South Korea and the US, the first batch of countries to
commercialize the technology, which unveiled only limited types of 5G
smartphones," he said.

China issued four 5G licenses on June 6, which officially kicked off the 5G era.
Major telecom carriers and device makers are all making their biggest push to
apply and commercialize the technology.

On Tuesday, Huawei said on its social media platform that its Mate 20 X
smartphone had got China's first network access license while ZTE told China
Daily that it had obtained 25 5G contracts globally.

An earlier report quoting an official at the Ministry of Industry and
Information Technology said that the big three telecom carriers are likely to
build 80,000 to 90,000 5G base stations this year.

The Global System for Mobile Communications Association, which represents the
interests of mobile operators worldwide, predicted that China will become the
world's largest 5G market by 2025.

With an expected 460 million users of the next-generation, superfast network,
user numbers will surpass those in Europe (205 million) and the United States
(187 million) combined, the report said.

Zhao Aiming, deputy head of the State-owned Assets Supervision and
Administration Commission of the State Council, noted at a recent conference
that network operators should avoid repetitive investment in 5G and pay
attention to the potential risks in industrial development.

chengyu@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/26/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/91/156151010930.jpg

a41f726719b21e7cf8c804.jpg


                              37 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            June 26, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Chinese Ambassador confident London will not bow to pressure

BYLINE: Angus Mcneice in London

BODY:

Liu Xiaoming, China's ambassador to the United Kingdom, has said he believes the
UK government "will act independently and in its own interests" as it considers
whether to join a United States-led boycott of the use of certain Huawei
technology.

Liu said he is concerned that, if the UK decides to ban the Chinese
telecommunications company from supplying 5G equipment to mobile network
providers, the decision will send a "negative message" to other Chinese
businesses looking to invest in Britain.

The ambassador was speaking during a foreign policy dialogue held at the trade
and investment think tank Asia House in London on Monday.

Stephen Green, chairman of Asia House and a former UK minister of state for
trade and investment, co-hosted the event.

Liu said Huawei has been "very committed" to the UK in recent years and has
invested billions of pounds in British businesses and employed 7,500 people
locally.

"And importantly, (Huawei) understands the risks involved in cybersecurity, so
that is why they volunteered (to set up) the Huawei Cyber Security Evaluation
Centre, manned completely by British people, to let the British people assess
the risk," Liu said. "My main concern is that the UK has always been regarded as
open and business-friendly, but if the UK gives up on Huawei, it would send a
very negative and bad message, not only to Huawei, but also to Chinese business
as a whole."

Australia and New Zealand have joined the US in banning the use of Huawei
equipment in 5G upgrades, citing security concerns. The UK will reveal its
decision on Huawei 5G technology in a telecommunications supply chain review,
which is expected to be published after Theresa May is replaced as UK prime
minister in July.

"Great Britain is great because it can act and make decisions independently, and
doesn't have to follow the orders of other people or subject (itself) to
pressure from outside," said Liu.

At the event, Green highlighted the importance of the UK-China relationship in
the face of growing protectionism around the globe.

"I do worry about where the world is headed in terms of trade relationships," he
said. "You have a rise in populist, anti-trade protectionist sentiment, famously
in America. I personally think that, sometimes, we fall into the trap of
assuming this is all about (US President Donald) Trump," Green said. "I don't
think that's true. I think there is a more deep-seated protectionism and a more
cross-Congress sense that they are losing ground and they need to be
strategically assertive, particularly vis-a-vis China, and it would be wrong to
assume this is simply Trump.... It's something more general in the American view
of the world."

Liu warned that trade tensions between the US and China serve to damage the
prospects of both sides.

"The current (US) administration has chosen to increase tariffs," he said.

"It is American business, American importers, who will pay for the high tariffs,
so at the end of the day, it's American consumers who will pay the tariffs. One
side's loss is not the other side's gain, it's lose-lose."

angus@mail.chinadailyuk.com

(China Daily 06/26/2019 page10)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/5/156151012091.jpg

00221917e13e1e7cf55925.jpg


                              38 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            June 26, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Sino-US trade talks teams agree to further communications on disputes

BYLINE: Jing Shuiyu

BODY:

Negotiators for China and the United States agreed to keep lines of
communication open in order to resolve their trade differences.

The Ministry of Commerce said in a statement on Tuesday that Vice-Premier Liu He
spoke by telephone with US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer and Treasury
Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Monday.

According to the brief statement, the two sides exchanged opinions on economic
and trade issues in line with the instructions made by the heads of the two
countries. The two sides agreed to continue to maintain contact.

The leaders of China and the US are expected to meet during the G20 Summit this
week in Japan, according to earlier reports.

Experts said economic and trade consultation teams from the two countries need
to respond to both sides' core concerns effectively, and treat each other
equally.

"Negotiations cannot be one-sided," said Zhou Mi, deputy director of the
Institute of American and Oceania Studies of the Chinese Academy of
International Trade and Economic Cooperation under the Ministry of Commerce.

"During consultations, negotiators need to take into consideration both parties'
core concerns, and respond to these concerns in an effective way. That is an
essential condition for reaching consensus on the text of deal," Zhou said.

Chen Wenling, chief economist at the China Center for International Economic
Exchanges, said trade talks need to be conducted in the spirit of mutual respect
and equality, and China will safeguard its core interests under any
circumstances.

China and the US, embroiled in a trade dispute, have exchanged hefty tariffs of
up to 25 percent on each other's imports over the past several months.

The Office of the US Trade Representative proposed additional 25 percent tariffs
on approximately $300 billion worth of Chinese imports.

The US Department of Commerce announced on Monday it added five Chinese
supercomputer firms to its Entity List, following its tightening of restrictions
on Chinese telecommunications giant Huawei.

Zhou said the US is carrying out the moves in accordance with the country's
legal process determined before the two sides agreed upon resuming talks.

"These measures (that the US side is pushing forward with) will send negative
signals to the market to some extent.

"Hopefully, the US side will call them off through consultations with the
Chinese government," Zhou said.

The tariff list proposed by the US Trade Representative includes a wide range of
daily necessities, such as pet products, textiles and plastics.

Paul Hunt, senior vice-president of PetSmart, said US pet owners will face
higher prices due to the tariffs.

Hunt said his company would urge the administration to reconsider the
application of an additional duty on these products, Xinhua News Agency
reported.

jingshuiyu@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/26/2019 page1)


                              39 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 25, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: FedEx getting itself in a fix over Huawei

BODY:

As the world's largest express transportation company, FedEx claims that it
holds itself to a very high standard of service. But its track record over the
past month in relation to serving Chinese telecom giant Huawei would suggest
not.

Last month, because of what it claimed was "inadvertent misrouting", FedEx
delivered Huawei parcels to the wrong address, amid escalating trade frictions
between China and the United States, sparking a regulatory investigation by the
Chinese government "on suspicion of undermining the legitimate rights and
interests of Chinese clients".

FedEx has again found itself caught in the vortex of controversy over the
weekend - this time when it returned a US-bound package containing a Huawei
smartphone, a P30 Pro, to the shipper at PCMag's United Kingdom office, who
called it "totally ridiculous".

FedEx on Sunday blamed "operational error" for the shipping snafu. But that has
failed to restore the confidence of Chinese customers in the service it
provides. Huawei already said it was reviewing its relationship with FedEx soon
after the mishandling of its packages last month.

Business credibility once lost is hard to regain.

Yes, Huawei is undergoing a critical moment after the US administration put it
on a blacklist over national security concerns, basically cutting it off from
all US technologies and hardware. But that does not in any sense constitute any
legal reason for FedEx not to serve Huawei properly. This is all about the
spirit of contract, which any business has to rely on if it wants to succeed.

Even FedEx admits that despite the Sino-US trade fight, it can "accept and
transport all Huawei products except for any shipments to listed Huawei entities
on the US Entity List" not to mention a 90-day grace period that has been
granted by Washington.

FedEx likes to say that it has played a due part in China's rise ever since it
entered the Chinese market in 1984, and it values its business here and its
relationship with Huawei and other Chinese customers. And given the huge market
potential that China provides that is no doubt true - "no markets will be able
to absorb more than a fraction of what China produces", as a top FedEx manager
once said.

Before the results of the official investigation come out, we tend to believe
the recent incidents related to Huawei may be just an example of lapse in
management, or even extreme risk avoidance by individual employees, rather than
the company risking its business future by playing the role of a willing pawn
for some politicians. But the company must take action to make sure similar
mistakes do not happen again.

As the saying ought to go in this instance, cheat me once, shame on me. Cheat me
twice, shame on you.

(China Daily 06/25/2019 page8)


                              40 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 25, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: 5G brings advanced healthcare to rural areas

BYLINE: Yuan Quan, Jing Huaiqiao and Quan Xiaoshu

BODY:

Heart surgeon Guo Hui-ming has a prescription for what ails China's medical
services: fifth-generation, or 5G, technology.

Recent upgrades mean doctors can treat patients hundreds of kilometers away.
Yuan Quan, Jing Huaiqiao and Quan Xiaoshu report for Xinhua.

Heart surgeon Guo Hui-ming has a prescription for what ails China's medical
services: fifth-generation, or 5G, technology.

Guo works at Guangdong Provincial People's Hospital, a leading medical center in
Guangzhou, capital of Guangdong province.

The facility is pioneering the use of 5G-assisted medical services that enable
its specialists to help with delicate operations being performed hundreds of
kilometers away.

About 80 percent of China's medical resources are concentrated in large cities,
such as Beijing and Shanghai, and 80 percent of those resources are in big
public hospitals, where patients flood in to see eminent physicians. That can
lead to overcrowding and sometimes strains doctor-patient relations.

Guo believes telemedicine via superfast wireless technology will help tackle the
problem by allowing more patients to receive high-quality treatment at clinics
near their homes.

Remote guidance

Guo, 54, is a tech fan. He wears an Apple Watch and speaks Cantonese to Siri on
his iPhone.

Two months ago, he made headlines by using 5G technology via a live video stream
to direct minimally invasive heart surgery on a patient 400 km away.

During the four-hour operation, Guo, head of his hospital's cardiac surgery
unit, sat in front of a big screen and gave instructions using a microphone and
a 3D model of the patient's heart. However, he wore a suit and tie, not
traditional surgeon's garb.

Guo said only four doctors in his team are capable of such surgery, but last
year, the team performed more than 700 minimally invasive heart operations.

This sort of surgery is difficult, but demand is growing. Instead of a large
incision, the operation is performed through tiny cuts in the patient's chest.
Moreover, the surgeons don't saw through the breastbone, but operate between the
ribs, which results in less pain and a faster recovery.

Before, Guo had to drive several hours to remote county hospitals to conduct
operations, as well as seeing patients in Guangzhou.

"About 70 percent of my patients are from outside Guangzhou," he said.

Yu Xueqing, president of the hospital, likened its outpatients' hall to a
crowded supermarket, because thousands of people pour in every day.

He said the congestion reduces patient satisfaction and increases the risk of
infectious diseases, such as dengue fever. That's a major concern, because
Guangdong experienced a serious outbreak of the rapidly spreading mosquito-borne
illness five years ago.

For patients from distant rural areas, traveling while ill can be challenging
and time-consuming. "Some died en route, unfortunately," Yu said.

In the recent past, telemedicine was mainly conducted via phone or video. It was
not common, mainly because the poor technology led to unstable signals, slow
transfer speeds and low definition, which made it impossible for doctors to
oversee procedures remotely.

"Before 5G, we dared not conduct remote surgery," Yu said. "Even a time lag of
just a few seconds between the devices and the surgeons could result in critical
mistakes."

Improved services

With a data transfer speed at least 10 times faster than 4G technology, 5G has a
time lag of just one-tenth of a second. It has helped to inject new vitality in
county hospitals like the People's Hospital of Gaozhou in southwestern
Guangdong, which performed more than 100 minimally invasive operations last
year.

Although excellent at treating cardiovascular diseases, the hospital still lags
far behind provincial hospitals in terms of quality of treatment. For a recent
operation on a 41-year-old female patient, the Gaozhou hospital invited Guo to
provide advice and guidance in real time through its telemedicine platform.

Sitting in an operating room in Guangzhou, a six-hour drive from Gaozhou, Guo
used a video marker to highlight an area of the patient's body and told the lead
surgeon to move the cutting point 3 centimeters higher to avoid damaging a
nerve.

Without 5G technology, Guo would have had to freeze the image to draw, but the
surgeon might have already moved on or been unable to see clearly, thereby
missing Guo's instructions.

Local phone carrier Guangdong Mobile and tech giant Huawei have provided
technical support for 5G surgery.

Two weeks before the operation, Guo's team used a 5G connection to build a 3D
heart model using images provided via a computerized tomography, aka CT, scan,
which produced a 360-degree view of the heart.

County hospitals are not capable of building 3D models. Previously,
gigabyte-sized CT images had to be transferred between hospitals by hard drive
or downloaded from the internet over several hours, but it now only takes a few
minutes on the 5G network.

"We could see the (heart) deformities clearly. The 5G system helped to reduce
errors and improve efficiency," Guo said, adding that he believes 5G will help
medical staff in remote areas to master heart surgery faster.

A trainee has to practice at least 100 times before becoming a lead surgeon in a
minimally invasive operation. In times gone by, local medical staff had few
opportunities to learn from well-trained surgeons, and the county hospital only
invited professionals from Guangzhou to help with operations four or five times
a year.

The 5G-assisted services, which come at a lower cost than previous systems, can
also help county hospitals attract more patients.

He Yong, chief surgeon at the county hospital in Gaozhou, calculated that such
an operation would cost the patient 20,000 yuan ($2,900) if performed by local
staff members, and another 10,000 yuan if specialists were involved.

However, if the patient chose to have the surgery in Guangzhou, the cost would
rise to 40,000 yuan and the family members would have to make additional
payments for accommodations and travel, He said, adding that surgery via 5G
requires no extra payment.

More resources

Guangdong was in the vanguard of China's reform and opening-up in the 1970s and
'80s, and today it is home to many leading hospitals and booming high-tech
businesses.

The southern province is also a pioneer of China's healthcare reform, with
efforts to develop a hierarchical medical system and internet-based treatment.

However, medical services in remote areas are still far from satisfactory, while
many county-and township-level hospitals lack advanced equipment and
well-trained staff.

Since 2017, Guangdong has invested 50 billion yuan to improve the healthcare
infrastructure in underdeveloped regions, and has also encouraged large
hospitals to provide assistance with training.

According to the provincial health authorities, the inpatient rate at county
hospitals reached 83.5 percent last year. In Gaozhou, the rate is 90 percent,
indicating that more patients now see doctors locally, rather than traveling to
big cities.

He Yong welcomed cooperation with top hospitals through 5G technologies, but
noted that county hospitals have to spend more on high-quality equipment. "It is
still a challenge for us," he said.

In May, doctors with the Cancer Center of Sun Yat-sen University in Guangzhou
used 5G to remotely direct three operations in real time in Shenzhen, Zhuhai and
Gaozhou.

Liu Zhuowei, vice-president of the center, said the move proved that 5G-assisted
treatment is efficient.

Guo, the surgeon in Guangzhou, expects 5G to provide greater surgical safety,
but the main advantage will be in having specialists from large hospitals
assisting more junior colleagues elsewhere.

"I hope big hospitals will not be overcrowded, and we will have more time for
research and treating critically ill patients," he said.

(China Daily 06/25/2019 page6)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/93/156142367275.jpg

00221917e13e1e7ba63c12.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/85/156142367323.jpg

00221917e13e1e7ba63611.jpg


                              41 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 25, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Stock Connect to Cricket Connect - impossible leap of faith?

BYLINE: Siva Sankar

BODY:

The Shanghai-London Stock Connect launched last week may not be the only glad
tidings to come the Brexit-battered Britain's way in recent times. Such is the
scope and power of globalization and technology these days that it's going to be
just a matter of time - give or take a decade or two - before things long
thought of as near impossible will come to pass and spread joy.

England and Wales are currently hosting the 12th edition of the quadrennial
cricket World Cup, which features 10 countries (nearly 20 teams were in the
qualifying process, while some more are knocking on the game's doors).

This is the fifth time that England has hosted the game's biggest event. Since
the inaugural tournament in 1975, England has reached the cricket World Cup
Finals three times, but never went on to emerge champions.

Led by Irishman Eoin Morgan, England are this year's favorites, tipped to lift
the much-coveted cup finally on July 14. Watched by an estimated global audience
of more than 2 billion, cricket could bring pride back to England (and the
United Kingdom).

But, frequent rain interruptions to play, and the weird adjustment rules they
trigger, coupled with below-par ground facilities and (potential) challenges
from teams like India, New Zealand, Australia, Pakistan and Sri Lanka, could
play spoilsport.

Modern cricket originated in England. The game has gone global on the back of
two key factors: its popularization by the governing body, the International
Cricket Conference, and, before that, the British Empire. Of late, the effect of
globalization has meant that even countries like Afghanistan and Ireland are
among the top-tier cricket teams.

One more effect of globalization is that many national cricket teams are
cosmopolitan in nature - a tribute to oneness, the essence of humanity, and an
uplifting symbol of the unifying power of sport.

Although cricket is a bit unknown in China, the world's second-largest economy
is nevertheless having a tremendous financial impact on the game.

Chinese tech companies such as Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi and Huawei are among the
biggest advertisers and cricket team sponsors. Their logos and imprints are
everywhere in the cricketing world - on telecasts, shrill marketing campaigns,
commercials, jerseys, online content, apps, what have you.

Not long ago, Hong Kong, a British colony until 1997, used to host a popular
cricket tournament called HK Sixers. As globalization and technology continue
their onward march, Chinese businesses may see in sports and games like cricket
the soft power that can bring peoples and markets together, potentially
preempting the disruptive influence of annoyances like trade tariff tensions.

If food, movies and yoga - the International Day of Yoga was celebrated on
Friday - can deepen understanding and amity between the 2 billion-plus nations
of India and China, it is conceivable that cricket could prove a worthy addition
to that list.

Things appear to be heading that way. In Beijing and other major Chinese cities,
sports bars and certain restaurants are screening live telecasts of the cricket
World Cup on big screens, to keep their expat clientele happy.

In Shanghai, there is an active, multilevel league - the Fusion T20 Cricket Cup
- played in the game's shortest format. Organized by the Shanghai Cricket Club,
which boasts 300 members and a long history starting from 1858, the tournament
features teams comprising local Chinese people and expatriates. The teams have
imaginative names like "China Zalmi Cricket Club" and "Charminar Cheetahs". They
even tour other countries. This year's winner was the Shenzhen Cricket Club.

Before long, Chinese companies with cricketing connections elsewhere may well
try to monetize the potential for sponsorships in the Chinese mainland. If China
embraces cricket big time, both England and India, besides the rest of the
cricketing world, will likely rejoice, given the implications for international
relations, people-to-people exchanges and tourism. From Stock Connect to Cricket
Connect need not be an impossible leap of faith.

Contact the writer at siva@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/25/2019 page22)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/42/156142368071.jpg

a41f726b05111e7ba73428.jpg


                              42 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 25, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: High-tech firms urged to offset blows from US curbs

BYLINE: Fan Feifei

BODY:

Chinese high-tech companies should prepare for possible expansion of US
government technology restrictions to more emerging sectors and should press
ahead with developing core technologies, a leading technology expert said.

The comment came after the Bureau of Industry and Security of the United States
Department of Commerce announced on Monday that it had put five high-performance
computing groups on its Entity List, barring them from buying US parts and
components without government approval due to security concerns.

Supercomputer manufacturer Sugon, supercomputer research institute Wuxi Jiangnan
Institute of Computing Technology, semiconductor company Higon, Chengdu Haiguang
Integrated Circuit and Chengdu Haiguang Microelectronics Technology, along with
numerous "aliases" of the five entities, were added to the list as a result of
security concerns.

China's supercomputer manufacturer Dawning Information Industry Co, also known
as Sugon, suspended trading of its shares on Monday. It said in a statement that
it is evaluating the possible impacts the restriction represents for the
company. Its shares will resume trading on Monday at the latest.

The US government blacklisted Chinese telecommunications giant Huawei
Technologies Co and its affiliates last month, barring the company from
accessing any US technologies without special approval.

"Chinese tech companies should get ready for the possible suppression of Chinese
cutting-edge technologies by the US administration, apart from the
telecommunications and advanced computing sector," said Xiang Ligang,
director-general of Information Consumption Alliance, a telecom industry
association.

Xiang said the restrictions will have an effect on the companies in the
short-term, adding that they need time to seek new components and parts
suppliers, but what Chinese supercomputer manufacturers should do is to gear up
to master core technologies in chips.

Xiang said China has had some supercomputer achievements, such as the Sunway
TaihuLight supercomputer and Tianhe-2A, in operation at the National
Supercomputer Center in Guangzhou, capital of Guangdong province.

The ruling also has an effect on US companies, given that Sugon is dependent on
US suppliers, including chipmakers Intel, Nvidia and Advanced Micro Devices.
China continues to dominate the list of the world's fastest supercomputers by
the number of computer units, according to a semiannual ranking of the Top 500
published last week.

The nation tops the supercomputer list with 219 systems, or 43.8 percent of the
total, followed by the US with 116 systems and Japan with 29, followed by
France, Britain and Germany, according to the ranking.

Major Chinese supercomputer vendors all improved their share in the past six
months. Lenovo claims the greatest number of systems on the list with 173,
followed by Inspur with 71, and Sugon with 63.

Supercomputers are used heavily in scientific research. Sugon is a major
provider of data centers and supercomputers in China, and one of the leading
computer systems manufacturers in the world.

Last week, the company also showcased its new generation of silicon cube
high-performance computer in Europe during the International Supercomputing
Conference.

fanfeifei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/25/2019 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/34/156142369805.jpg

00221917e13e1e7ba4b90b.jpg


                              43 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 24, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: US high-tech feels the pain of tariffs on Chinese exports

BODY:

IN A LETTER RELEASED ON THURSDAY, Apple urged US decision-makers to have second
thoughts and give up the 25 percent tariff on imports from China. Dell, Intel,
HP and Microsoft have also issued a joint statement opposing the US
administration adding laptops and tablets to the list of products that will be
subject to the new tariffs. The 21st Century Business Herald comments:

True, the United States boasts advantages in the electronics industry. But most
of its star companies' mainstream products are made in China, which is the
world's largest market of these products as well.

US electronics companies started coming to China in the early 1990s, and have
made it a center of the industry's supply chain, as well as the most important
manufacturing center, which has helped them lower their costs, and contributed
to the popularization of electronic gadgets. Although the cost of labor in China
has increased, the improvement in productivity has offset this.

If the US imposes a 25 percent tariff on the remaining $320 billion worth of
imports from China, as it has threatened, it will put all of the electronic
products manufactured by the US companies in China in the cross hairs, as well
as many other commodities that US companies make in China for US consumers.

If Apple products become more expensive in the US market, the South Korean
company Samsung will effortlessly reap the spoils of the trade war. Since
China's Huawei and other major Chinese companies in the industry do not sell
their products in the US, thanks in part to the US administration's obstruction,
the tariffs will not directly hurt the Chinese enterprises that Washington
regards as a thorn in its side.

More importantly, the aforementioned US companies will not be able to find
substitutes for China on their supply chain maps, as China's strengths as a core
part of the supply chain have been accumulated over nearly 20 years. It is not
only about abundant supplies of skilled workers, engineers, natural resources
and economies of scale, but also modern logistics, efficient government services
and developed infrastructure facilities.

None of the countries in Southeast Asia, South Asia and Mexico can match China
in all those regards in a short time, not to mention that China will
continuously hone its edge on these fronts.

China also has unique attractions to these US companies, for example, as a
leader in 5G. Staying in China puts them close to the forefront of the
development and application of the next-generation telecommunications
technology. If Washington carries on with its wheeler-dealer tactics, it will be
paying the piper out of its own pocket in the end.

(China Daily 06/24/2019 page8)


                              44 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 24, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Huawei sues US for its equipment's return

BYLINE: Zheng Yiran

BODY:

The United States' unlawful seizure of Huawei telecommunication equipment is
another technical restriction the US has imposed on China as it becomes
increasingly concerned about the company's rising 5G capability, an industry
expert said after the Chinese company filed a lawsuit against the US Department
of Commerce on Friday.

Withholding seen as unlawful move by Washington to delay license issuance

The United States' unlawful seizure of Huawei telecommunication equipment is
another technical restriction the US has imposed on China as it becomes
increasingly concerned about the company's rising 5G capability, an industry
expert said after the Chinese company filed a lawsuit against the US Department
of Commerce on Friday.

Xiang Yang, a 5G expert at CETC Fund and a former 5G analyst at the CCID
Consulting research firm in Beijing, said "The US withholding Huawei's equipment
shipped there for testing can be seen as part of the US trade dispute with
China. The US has a shortage of qualified domestic 5G equipment suppliers that
can compete with Huawei. It is concerned that Huawei's 5G technology can pose a
threat to the country. That's probably why it has been withholding Huawei's
equipment for a long time."

The lawsuit, filed on Friday at the US District Court in Washington, tells that
the company shipped telecommunications equipment, including a computer server
and an Ethernet switch, from China to an independent lab in California to
undergo certification testing in 2017. In September that year, when the
equipment was to be shipped back to China, the US government detained the
shipment in Anchorage, Alaska.

The Commerce Department told Huawei the shipment would be delayed while it
investigated whether an export license was needed to send it.

In its lawsuit, Huawei said it had been waiting for almost two years for a
decision from the Commerce Department on whether the equipment could be returned
to China.

According to Huawei's lawyers, when the shipment was to be made September 2017,
no export licenses were required under the US Export Administration Regulations.

The US government has "unlawfully withheld and unreasonably delayed" its
responsibility to make a license determination and the equipment "remains in a
bureaucratic limbo in an Alaskan warehouse," the filing said.

Xiang predicted that the US may still make excuses to continue to hold Huawei's
equipment, or it might return it out of embarrassment over public opinion.

Sun Lu, an associate professor at Communication University of China's Institute
of International Relations, said, "There is no need for the US to use Huawei as
a pretext to start a Cold War in the technology sector, ... because even though
mistrust between China and the US increases, the two countries cannot avoid
cooperation on significant issues in the future."

"The dispute also reflects that China is becoming increasingly powerful in 5G
technology, as domestic enterprises stand out when it comes to 5G standards,
devices and patents," Xiang said.

Xinhua contributed to this story.

zhengyiran@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/24/2019 page3)


                              45 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 22, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Putin: US Huawei stance a bid to contain China's development

BYLINE: Ren Qi in Moscow

BODY:

The United States was seeking to contain China's development when it took action
against Chinese telecom giant Huawei, and it is now doing the same thing to
Russia, according to Russian President Vladimir Putin who made the comment
during his annual televised Q&A with the Russian people on Thursday.

He said the US had targeted Huawei because China has become a rival to the US.

"Let's take the attack on Huawei: Where did it come from and what is the reason
behind it? The only reason is to contain the development of China who has become
a global rival to another global power - the United States," Putin said.

Russian President Vladimir Putin (center) speaks during an annual nationwide
televised phone-in show in Moscow on Thursday. Alexey Nikolsky / Kremlin via
Reuters

The Russian president said the West has no interest in changing its attitude
toward Russia, and therefore Moscow will not compromise on its fundamental
national interests in the face of sanctions.

"There is no talk about a truce," he said. "If we totally surrender and spit on
our fundamental national interests, will there be any fundamental changes? Maybe
there will be some external signals, but nothing will change dramatically."

Putin added that Russia's losses from economic sanctions were more than five
times lower than those of the main countries that imposed them.

"According to expert data, as a result of these restrictions, Russia lost about
$50 billion since 2014, while the European Union lost $240 billion, the United
States $17 billion and Japan $27 billion," Putin said.

He said the losses were reflected in a reduction in the number of jobs in the
countries that imposed sanctions because they had lost the Russian market.

Sanctions on Russia

Western countries have imposed various sets of economic sanctions against
Russian entities and individuals since Crimea was incorporated into Russia in
2014 following a referendum and due to Moscow's alleged interference in Ukraine.

Moscow responded with counter-sanctions, which included impediments on the
importation of some goods, including food, from Western countries.

However, Putin said the sanctions had a positive effect because they forced
Russia to "switch on its brains" and develop some sectors of its economy,
including high technology.

Putin said that, after the introduction of sanctions, Russia launched an import
substitution program worth 667 billion roubles ($10.6 billion) to develop
lagging areas.

The Q&A session was Putin's 17th. The first "Direct Line with Vladimir Putin"
was held in 2001. Since then, the event has been held annually, except for 2004
and 2012, according to Russia's Tass news agency.

Putin addresses the nation during his annual Direct Line question and answer
session, during which he answers questions that come in by telephone, text,
e-mail, social media, or live via television studios.

According to infographics released by the Rossiya-24 channel, a total of
1,053,326 questions had been submitted as of 9 am Moscow time on Wednesday. More
than half of them (616,505 questions) were asked by phone, while 291,311 were
transmitted via SMS and MMS messages. Some 55,133 came in through a mobile app,
49,800 by way of a website, and 40,557 via social media networks.

Xinhua contributed to this story

renqi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/22/2019 page8)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/32/156115849810.jpg

a41f726719b21e77adce26.jpg


                              46 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 21, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Innovation should be cooperative, not isolated pursuit

BYLINE: Qin Shuo

BODY:

Editor's note: Ren Zhengfei, founder of Huawei, recently met with two US
scholars, George Gilder and Nicholas Negroponte, for talks over afternoon tea in
Shenzhen, Guangdong province, in which he stressed how openness and cooperation,
not isolation and confrontation, can promote human welfare and progress. In a
post published on his WeChat account, Qin Shuo, a financial commentator,
revealed some of Ren's remarks:

The main purpose of human society is to "create wealth" and lift more people out
of poverty. That means human society must be built on win-win cooperation. In
the information age, it is impossible for a country to advance development in
isolation.

In the industrial age, each country could make their own sewing machines,
tractors and other industrial products. But in the information era, it is
impossible for a country to make one thing by itself. Therefore, countries must
cooperate. Only through cooperation can we meet the needs of human civilization
and enable more people to enjoy the benefits of new technologies at a lower
cost.

I have never appreciated the term "independent innovation", because I believe
that science and technology are the common wealth of all humanity and we must
step on the shoulders of our predecessors to shorten our gap with the world's
leading level. Except maybe farmers, no one believes he can do everything by
himself. I support independent innovation on the spiritual level. That is to
say, when other people innovate something, we should respect their intellectual
property and get their permission for their use after paying appropriate fees.

Competitors also need cooperation with each other. When we were not that strong
in the past, we still chose to cooperate with US companies, and now we have
become more competitive, we are not afraid to have such cooperation.

Some people advocate the law of the jungle and excessively emphasize
competition. However, the law of the jungle does not fully apply to human
society, and in most cases and most of the time, the problem facing human beings
is not "your death, my survival", but coexistence.

The United States has had an innovation economy for a long time. The US is
therefore the upstream water of innovation, and upstream water will always flow
downstream.

We need US chips at any time, and we do not exclude the US because what we need
is not narrow-minded self-growth but common growth. In peacetime, we always buy
half of our chips from US companies and use half made by ourselves. Even though
our own chips cost a lot less, we still pay a lot more for US chips because we
do not want ourselves to be isolated from the rest of the world.

(China Daily 06/21/2019 page8)


                              47 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 21, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Negotiators pave way for meeting at G20

BYLINE: Zhong Nan and Jing Shuiyu

BODY:

Senior officials from China and the United States will communicate in
preparation for the meeting between their heads of state in Osaka, Japan, during
the G20 Summit next week, the Ministry of Commerce said on Thursday.

China hopes that the US will create the "necessary conditions and atmosphere"
for evenhanded dialogue, ministry spokesman Gao Feng said. The US should listen
to its industries, call off its "wrong practices" and solve problems through
consultation and cooperation, he said.

On Tuesday, President Xi Jinping and US President Donald Trump spoke by
telephone and agreed to meet at the G20 Summit next week. News of the planned
meeting raised hopes for a possible breakthrough in the stalled trade talks
between the two countries.

As the world's two largest economies, the US and China have complementary
economic structures and very close ties, and there is a huge intersection of
interests between the two sides, Gao said.

He stressed that China believes the two countries will be able to find a proper
solution to their problems through dialogue as equals and due consideration of
legitimate concerns.

Gao added that China firmly opposes unilateral imposition of tariffs and trade
bullying amid trade differences and will take necessary countermeasures.

"We hope that the US will put an early end to the wrong practices and avoid
further losses to businesses and consumers on both sides, especially with a
recessionary impact on the world economy," he said.

Huang Qifan, vice-chairman of the China Center for International Economic
Exchanges, said it is US importers who bear over 95 percent of the costs caused
by the US government's additional tariffs on Chinese goods.

The US government threatened to place and increase tariffs on about $500 billion
worth of Chinese imports, but 60 percent of them are actually products
manufactured by the US companies in China. Hefty tariffs will harm the interests
of US firms operating in China, Huang said.

Major US tech businesses are often closely interconnected with the Chinese
market, he said. So the US government's tightened restrictions on Chinese firms,
like telecommunication giant Huawei, undoubtedly do no good for US companies, he
added.

A trade war between China and the US should be avoided as it is dangerous for
both countries and the rest of the world, said Chen Dongqi, an economist at the
National Development and Reform Commission's Academy of Macroeconomic Research.

"Amid the trade tension, there are important hidden opportunities that are
conducive to China's self-reliance and high-quality development," Chen said. For
instance, in response to the US government restrictions, Chinese companies are
more likely to speed up commercial use of domestically developed technologies
and invest more in research and development to break key bottlenecks and develop
core technologies, he said.

Contact the writers at zhongnan@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/21/2019 page1)


                              48 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 21, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: China pushing to get more books in global market

BYLINE: Wang Ru

BODY:

Just as readers in China get to read a large number of foreign books, many
Chinese books are available in overseas markets as well. And as part of its
program to push Chinese books abroad, the China International Publishing Group
recently organized a related seminar on publishing Chinese books.

According to Lu Cairong, deputy director of the CIPG, there were over 20,000
kinds of books about China published in English in 2017, and that number reached
40,000 in 2018.

Besides English, books about China were also published in French, Spanish,
Russian, Japanese and German. The books on China cover subjects like modern
history, culture, literature, traditional medicine and language.

"This shows the international community's hunger for information about China.
And this also pushes us to consider how to meet this requirement and how to make
the books better," Lu says.

Professionals from the publishing industry in many countries participated in the
seminar.

According to one of them, Kaushal Goyal, general manager of India's GBD Books,
people in India are interested in knowing more about China's reform and
opening-up, the Belt and Road Initiative and Chinese culture.

"Indians already know something about Confucius' Analects, Lao Tzu's Tao Te
Ching and Sun Tzu's The Art of War but they have not heard about other Chinese
philosophers like Mencius and Chuang Tzu.

Goyal says Indians know more about Jack Ma of Alibaba but less about Ren
Zhengfei of Huawei, Ma Huateng of Tencent and other businesspeople in China.

Argentina's Mil Gotas Press president Guillermo Bravo says that Spanish-speaking
countries have a great interest in China, but the bridge for mutual
understanding is not wide enough.

Comparing the publishing scene in the two regions, Bravo says while Chinese
companies are usually large and employ many people, their counterparts in Latin
America are much smaller.

"But despite the difference in size, I still hope companies from both sides can
cooperate more so readers will gain," says Bravo.

The delegates also offer suggestions about how Chinese books can be made more
attractive to overseas readers.

According to Kim Seung-il, president of South Korea's Gyeng Ji Press, China
tends to provide a lot of funding for the publication of academic books overseas
as opposed to books about Chinese history, culture, the political situation and
the economy that are easy to read.

"But I see that people prefer to read the latter kind of books, so I suggest
that China uses half of the funds for academic books and the other half for
other kinds of books."

Both Kim and Laura Prinsloo, chairperson of the Indonesian National Book
Committee, say the quality of translation plays an important role in introducing
China to the outside world.

Prinsloo's says: "We need to enhance our cooperation in translation projects and
grant programs between Indonesian and Chinese publishers that are supported by
both governments."

Representatives of Chinese publishing houses at the seminar proposed nine titles
for publication abroad and sought advice from the foreign delegates.

Egyptian delegate Ahmed Mohamed Elsaid Soliman says that The Story of the
Pioneers Who Created the Chinese Dream will likely work, as books about the
Chinese economy are welcomed in Arab countries, and points to examples such as
Zhang Weiwei's The China Wave: The Rise of A Civilizational State.

"But we want detailed and vivid stories about the Chinese economy instead of
dull economic theories, so stories of entrepreneurs are a good choice," he adds.

He also likes the title My Xinjiang Friends and I, which is about the author's
experience in Northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region.

"Xinjiang is interesting for the Arabs. We hope to learn more about it."

Malaysian delegate Hasri Hasan echoes him, saying: "Malaysians also have
interest in this region since both Malaysia and Xinjiang have many Muslims."

Hasan says he likes the title 10134 Kilometers Through China, a travel diary
about China, since "Malaysians like traveling".

He also suggests that readers be offered some video content so that they can
appreciate China more.

"These exchanges help us to seek common ground," says Goyal.

wangru1@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/21/2019 page18)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/81/156107925874.jpg

a41f726719b21e7665d928.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/76/156107925914.jpg

a41f726719b21e7665dd29.jpg


                              49 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 21, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: How to move away from 'conflict stage'

BYLINE: Kong Wenzheng in New York

BODY:

Considered Wall Street's leading expert on China, Stephen Roach, senior fellow
at Yale University and former chair of Morgan Stanley Asia, has spent more than
two decades researching and writing about China.

Senior Yale academic says Washington's policies not in the best interests of
China-US relations

Considered Wall Street's leading expert on China, Stephen Roach, senior fellow
at Yale University and former chair of Morgan Stanley Asia, has spent more than
two decades researching and writing about China.

His interest in China was first kindled in the late 1990s, when he realized how
different it was from other crisis-battered Asian economies at the time and
identified it as the key to end the Asian financial crisis.

During his long experience with the Chinese economy, leadership, policymakers
and business people, he witnessed the economy undergo dramatic changes -
integrating into and impacting the world economy, engaging in structural
changes, and more recently advancing in innovative and cutting-edge
technologies.

Containers at the Port of Los Angeles in San Pedro, California, on Tuesday. AFP

Roach has also seen China and the United States develop a codependent
relationship, in which the two economies need each other in multiple ways.

US consumers need low-price Chinese goods to make ends meet, the US Treasury
needs China to buy US treasuries to fund the large and growing budget deficits,
and US companies need China as the third-largest and most rapidly growing export
market.

China, on the other hand, depends on the US as a large source of external demand
for Chinese exports and depends on US financial markets to provide a benchmark
for the currency.

However, over the years, after both countries, especially China, underwent
changes, they've gotten into the classic "conflict stage" of codependency, as
Roach described it in a recent interview with China Daily.

Almost a year ago, on July 6, 2018, the US imposed 25 percent tariffs on $34
billion worth of imports from China, a move that was soon answered by China with
tariffs of the same scale.

That was the first round of tariffs exchanged by the world's two largest
economies, as the Trump administration initiated this year-long trade dispute,
which has extended into 25 percent tariffs on $250 billion Chinese imports from
the US and various levels of retaliatory tariffs on $110 billion in US imports
from China.

Not limiting its actions on tariff, the Trump administration has also targeted
Chinese investments, industries, and even specific companies, with Chinese
information and communications tech company Huawei, a frontrunner in the
development of 5G technology, repeatedly caught in the crossfire.

The dispute was considered by US economists and global institutions, Roach
included, as negatively impacting consumers and producers in both countries and
the global economy.

In his interview with China Daily, Roach called the Trump administration's
policies against Chinese imports and Chinese businesses an "aggressive economic
action" against China and the wrong approach for a codependent China-US
relationship.

While the US trade deficit in goods with China, which reached a record-breaking
$419 billion according to the US Commerce Department, has been repeatedly
condemned by the Trump administration, Roach stressed it is also an important
outgrowth of internal, macroeconomic factors in the US, such as the low domestic
savings rate.

Net domestic savings accounted for less than 3 percent of US national income in
2018, considerably lower from the 6.3 percent average over the final three
decades of the 20th century, according to data from the US Bureau of Economic
Analysis.

Roach suggested that the US economy needs "healing from within" to boost its
domestic saving rate, while the Trump administration's deficit-prone fiscal
policy is doing anything but.

China was only part of the US multilateral trade problems caused by a low
savings rate, said Roach, as the US trade gap widened in 2018 to a 10-year high
of $621 billion, and it had a goods deficit with as many as 102 nations.

Simply targeting China will likely just rearrange the multilateral deficit
toward higher-cost producers, which taxes the US people, said Roach, who
reiterated during the interview that tariffs are bad and trade wars are easy to
lose - opposite to what President Trump has noted repeatedly.

The fact that trade accounts for 27 percent of US GDP, according to the World
Bank's 2017 data, is making the economy more vulnerable to a collapse in global
trade today compared to that in 1930, when trade accounted for just 11 percent
of US GDP. Significantly, the Smoot Hawley tariffs enacted by the US in 1930 and
the broad retaliation that followed played a key role in pushing the economy
from a recession to the Great Depression.

That is something he believes is overlooked today, and thus suggested the
administration be more careful in "launching this assault on the trade front."

During the interview, Roach also talked about what he thinks is the true nature
of the current trade dispute, a "false narrative" - or criticisms without
sufficient evidence - that prevails in the US against China, and his four-point
proposal for how China and the US should navigate their trade and economic
relationship.

What do you think about the current rhetoric in the US of "decoupling" the two
economies?

I think that's an over-simplification of what's going on. The US has instituted
or imposed significant tariffs on Chinese shipments to the US with threats to
raise the tariffs shortly if there's no further progress on reaching an
agreement. This isn't really decoupling. This is an aggressive economic action
aimed at punishing another nation.

I think the real agenda here for the United States is aimed at a lot of China's
future aspirations in terms of economic development - innovation and sustained
economic growth. Whether it's the tariffs or the actions directed at Huawei,
these are aggressive actions.

"Decoupling" makes it just sound like it's an innocent "you go your way, we'll
go our way" - there's more to it than that.

In a recent white paper published by China on the trade dispute, China refuted
several claims the US has been making, like the IP and the forced technology
transfer issue. Do you think those criticisms made by the US are justified?

There are two sets of complaints that the US is really raising here. One is the
bilateral trading balance - a big and growing US trade deficit with China that,
as of last year, accounted for 48 percent of the total merchandise trade deficit
that the US has. This has been a focus of President Trump's when he was running
for office and continues to be a major focus of the discussions and potential
resolution.

And then there's a whole set of other issues that we - for lack of a better term
- called "structural issues" that deal with innovation policy, forced technology
transfer, intellectual property rights, cyber (security), state-sponsored
industrial policy - even the currency has now gotten into the debate. These are
very tough issues that reflect, in many respects, the differences between two
systems.

I've looked very carefully at the "structural issues." While in some instances
the concerns that the US has raised are legitimate, the evidence in support of
those allegations, especially the ones leveled by the US Trade Representative
Robert Lighthizer in a long report that he submitted to the president in March
of 2018, (is) surprisingly weak - evidence that actually could not be admitted
into a US court of law if it was, in fact, attempted to do so.

And I'd just cite two things in that regard.

One, the accepted estimates of intellectual property theft that America suffers
every year has been put in the range of $225 billion to $600 billion a year, and
the bulk of that is attributed to China.

Where does this number come from? Good question. I looked at it. It comes from a
very high-profile prestigious group called the IP Commission, headed up by
former US ambassador to China Jon Huntsman (and) former director of National
Intelligence Admiral Dennis Blair. Unfortunately, the estimates are weak. They
have no direct way of measuring how much intellectual property is actually
stolen by anyone, let alone China, and so they've created these phony models
based on drug trafficking, illicit financial flows, and other bad
characteristics of any economy, and used these models to come up with this
ridiculously broad range of $225 to $600 billion.

Number two is the issue of forced technology transfer - the idea that companies
that want to do business in China must do so in the structure of a joint
venture, and one of the requirements of a joint venture, according to the US
trade representative, is that American partners are forced - "coerced" - into
turning over their technology to China.

Joint ventures, by definition, are voluntary arrangements where US companies
willingly enter into a contract with the Chinese partner. And of course, when
they do that, and their goal is to build a business together, there will be a
perfectly normal degree of sharing of ideas, people, technology, product design
and the like.

But the allegation that the US Trade Representative Lighthizer makes is that
this transfer is forced, done against the better wishes of the American partner.
That's a serious charge if that were to be the case. And yet he admits - on page
19 in his report, you check it - that there is no evidence to support what he's
saying. And the only evidence that he uses is surveys from places like the
US-China Business Council that seem to indicate that some US companies - a very
large minority of them - are uncomfortable with doing business in China. That's
very different than the allegation of forcing a company to turn over its core
technology.

I was a senior executive in a joint venture in China - CICC (China International
Capital Corporation Limited). I knew many businessmen who are senior executives
and their respective joint ventures. None of them feel that there is a coercive
aspect in which their technology is being taken from them.

Harvard professor Graham Allison has been warning about China and the US falling
into the "Thucydides Trap." What's your take on this?

I think Professor Allison has done very interesting work, but I think the fears
of a hot war are overblown. He studied the conflict between rising and ruling
powers back over the last 500 years, and he has come up with 16 examples of
conflicts, 12 of which have ended in military war. The last four did not,
though. I think the power of weapons of mass destruction is so enormous right
now, that the moral anchor of both countries would prevent that from occurring.
But I think he was right to recognize the nature of the conflict in a broad,
historical context.

My own sense is that, rather than worry about the hot war, we should be much
more concerned about the likelihood of a cold war, which would be an ongoing
conflict between the US and China, which, I think, has a very realistic chance
of occurring. That would also be a negative for both countries if this conflict
were to endure if we attempt to implement a superficial fix of these short-term
differences.

You've written about a "false narrative" the US has on China, and in the US
there's the tendency to bash China from not only the president, but by both
political parties. Do you think this narrative on China will continue?

Unfortunately, we have a tendency toward creating a story to justify our
actions. We did that against Japan, and we're doing it against China right now.
This gets back to your earlier question on the allegations made by the trade
representative and the work that I've done that draws many of those allegations
into question. That, together with the focus in Washington on narrowing the
bilateral trade deficit, is what I would call the "false narrative."

Are we going to wake up and say, "Oh, gee, we need to be more transparent and
more truthful in going to a different narrative?" No, we're not. And we have,
unfortunately, a lot of bipartisan support. Democrats and Republicans - the
former party of free trade - united on very few things, but united in blaming
China for America's growing economic middle-class problems.

Do you think the US should look into China's side of the story and China's
repeated stressing of "mutual respect," and come up with more constructive
solutions instead of citing tariffs as the only way out?

We have a president who has a clear view, as expressed under the general
framework of the Art of the Deal, that the only way to negotiate is to be tough.

I would argue that in a relationship as important as that between the US and
China, in a codependent relationship where China doesn't just depend on us, but
where we also depend on China, the art of the deal and the aggressive attack
that one partner (put) on the other is not the way to do it. We need the wisdom
of a compromise, not the brute force of a tough negotiator.

The counterargument (is that) America has tried to negotiate for years and we've
gotten nowhere, and so now we are trying a different approach and this is good.
I think that is not (an) acceptable response. There are plenty of other options.
I have written about four options myself that I think could change the outcome
in a very significant fashion.

Number one, focus not on the bilateral trade imbalance, but on a bilateral
investment treaty - market access, opening each country's markets to the other,
wide open, by eliminating ownership caps on foreign investment across the board
into China and into the United States.

The United States right now has 42 bilateral investment treaties with other
countries. China has 145 of them. We were negotiating one for 10 years. We came
very, very close. And now in the Trump administration, forget it, there's no
discussion of it. And yet, if we were to agree on a bilateral investment treaty,
we could eliminate foreign ownership caps and remove the joint venture as an
operating structure in China and the United States. That would take this forced
technology-transfer debate off the table because there would be no need for
joint ventures. They'd be wholly owned subsidiaries.

Point two, more briefly, is both countries need to focus on committing
macroeconomic saving adjustments. The US needs to save more. The only way to do
that is to reduce our budget deficit. That would reduce our bias toward trade
deficits with China and everyone else. China needs to save less, to fund the
social safety net, to boost internal consumption. That would reduce China's
trade surpluses.

Point three is cyber. Cyber is not a bilateral problem. It's a global problem.
So we need a multilateral global solution, and the US and China have a great
opportunity to take the leadership in forging a worldwide cyber accord, complete
with metrics on cyber attacks, filing of disputes, and dispute resolution
mechanism.

The fourth point is the nature of the dialogue between our two countries. We
used to have these bi-annual big summits called the Strategic and Economic
Dialogue. Then under the Obama administration, they reduced the frequency of
those to once a year. And under Trump, there has only been one. And now all we
have are dinner parties. We had a dinner party in Mar-a-Lago, the dinner party
in the Forbidden City in Beijing, a dinner party in Buenos Aires, maybe a dinner
party in Osaka - or as the way things are going, maybe tea.

But this isn't the way to run a relationship. We need a permanent office staffed
by experts on both sides who are jointly sharing data and information, producing
policy papers, and coming up with joint recommendations on policy. And I call
this, for lack of a better term, a "permanent secretariat" - the US-China
relationship deserves nothing less than that.

Those four issues - market access through a bilateral investment treaty, savings
adjustments, leadership on a global cyber deal, and the structure of the
dialogue, those are not in the debate. There's a complete mismatch between these
four suggestions and what appears to be the focus of this "soybean strategy" to
deal with the tensions focused on the bilateral trade deficit, which is
meaningless and sort of ignoring the structural issues or, at best, just
agreeing to negotiate on them.

You've described the relationship between US and China a "destructive
codependent" one, and suggested it should turn to a more "constructive
interdependent" one. How do you think that would be achieved?

I would like to think that there could be a more constructive, interdependent
relationship as opposed to a destructive, codependent relationship. To get to
that point is very challenging. It requires individual economies to be healthy
from within rather than individual economies focusing on others as the source of
their problems. This is a sea change, or this would be a sea change for the
United States and for China.

But if you are stronger from within, you are more confident. You are better able
to engage your partners from a position of strength as opposed to engaging them
from a sense of feeling threatened in a position of weakness. I'm definitely in
favor of shifting the character of the relationship from codependency to
interdependency. Then, I think, there would be much greater opportunity for a
lasting way out.

nancykong@chinadailyusa.com

(China Daily 06/21/2019 page15)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/40/156107926627.jpg

a41f726719b21e76643510.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/27/156107926664.jpg

a41f726719b21e76644511.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/91/156107926696.jpg

a41f726719b21e76644913.jpg


                              50 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 20, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Chinese brands make a splash on global stage

BODY:

NEW YORK - More Chinese companies have been striving to build stronger brands in
the global arena. Their brand value can rise rapidly, primarily propelled by
technology-driven innovation and overseas consumers' recognition, some
researchers and reports showed.

Fifteen domestic businesses join 2019 list of the 100 best-known corporations
worldwide

NEW YORK - More Chinese companies have been striving to build stronger brands in
the global arena. Their brand value can rise rapidly, primarily propelled by
technology-driven innovation and overseas consumers' recognition, some
researchers and reports showed.

"We have seen that the Chinese brands overall have experienced a massive
growth," said Doreen Wang, global head of BrandZ, a brand equity database
managed by brand consultancy Kantar.

"We have very big faith in Chinese brands, their current efforts and their
future growth potential," Wang said.

Alibaba Group showcases its diverse businesses at the World Intelligence
Congress in Tianjin in May. The company ranked seventh on the list of the top
100 global brands in 2019, according to BrandZ, a brand equity database managed
by consultancy Kantar. Provided to China Daily

A total of 15 Chinese brands gained their footholds in the 2019 BrandZ Top 100
Most Valuable Global Brands ranking this year, according to an annual report
released by global communication services provider WPP and Kantar last week.

Among them, e-commerce heavyweight Alibaba and internet giant Tencent entered
the global top 10, ranking No 7 and No 8 respectively. Nine brands made their
debut on the highly competitive list.

BrandZ claims itself as the world's largest database for brand equity, which
refers to a brand's value based on consumer perception of and experiences with
the brand.

The total value of the top 100 Chinese brands leapt a record 30 percent to
$889.7 billion, marking the largest annual rise since the ranking for Chinese
brands was launched in 2011, according to another report titled 2019 BrandZ Top
100 Most Valuable Chinese Brands released in May.

In particular, Chinese technology brands dominate the top 10 in terms of
overseas presence. Six brands, including telecommunication giant Huawei,
smartphone maker Xiaomi, drone maker DJI, artificial intelligence and humanoid
robotic company Ubtech Robotics, doubled their figures of last year.

A separate study also showed that the brand power - a BrandZ measure of brand
equity - of Chinese brands in the global market, expanded by 15 percent
year-on-year, compared with the 5 percent growth last year.

The strongest growth of brand power appeared in mobile gaming, e-commerce and
smartphone. Huawei, Lenovo and Alibaba are the top three in the 2019 Top 50
BrandZ Chinese Global Brand Builders ranking released in April.

The study also found that brand power has been rising fastest in Japan, France
and Spain. Other countries with massive future import potential for Chinese
brands involve the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany and Australia.

"These products and platforms are Chinese owned, designed, or originate from
China. They adhere to global standards," said Elspeth Cheung, global BrandZ
valuation director at Kantar.

Tech-driven innovation

The remarkable growth in total brand value of Chinese companies was propelled by
various brands' speedy expansion into China's lower-tier cities. Rising purchase
power among consumers and more positive comments from overseas consumers toward
Chinese consumers are some other factors behind the growth, according to the
ranking report in May.

"We have to recognize the perception of (overseas) consumers toward Chinese
brands has changed significantly," said Wang, adding that the brands were not
just getting into local markets, but also setting up a cool image of being
leading innovators.

Particularly, innovators in e-commerce, video streaming and social media fields
have performed quite well, which made Western companies like YouTube and
Facebook "start to look at the East" to learn how to twine social networking
with commercial patterns, according to Wang.

Chinese video streamers iQiyi and Youku achieved some of the fastest growth in
brand value last year, rising 158 percent to $5.6 billion and 136 percent to $5
billion respectively, according to the May report.

"YouTube is learning from iQiyi and TikTok," Wang said. "Facebook is also
learning from WeChat and how it connects social network with commerce."

"Nowadays, when we ask overseas consumers, they think Chinese brands are
innovative and creative, especially young consumers in Spain, the UK and the
US," she noted.

Wang also noted that the Belt and Road Initiative has given Chinese brands some
"real guidance and a lot of support", so they can "get their products there and
promote their presence to local consumers".

"We are seeing lots of Chinese brands start to increase cultural and social
influence in overseas markets, especially in countries alongside the Belt and
Road..." she stressed.

Wang also pointed out the challenges Chinese companies face in the global brand
landscape, as overall recognition of Chinese brands abroad is still relatively
low.

"Having your products there in the market does not mean that you have a brand,"
Wang said. "Brand building is not happening overnight. So that's why we're
seeing Chinese brands, like Alibaba, Tencent, Meituan and Didi, all working very
hard to build their equity day in and day out."

To strengthen their brand building in international markets, both Wang and
Cheung suggested Chinese companies must improve their ability in story-telling
about their products and how the products would make a difference to the lives
of their consumers, so as to promote their brands' reputations.

"We highly recommend Chinese brands to explore local lifestyles, local insights,
and local media habits," she said. "How to deliver great customer experiences
and how to generate more bonding with consumers are key."

Cheung noted that they found Chinese brands with greater popularity overseas
have used "mainstream media to interact with their target consumers".

"Consumers are willing to pay more for a unique and differentiated product and
service that they could not find elsewhere," she said. "A possible way for
consumers to pay more for a brand is through not only a differentiated product,
but the employment of communication channel, delivery and packaging to create
this point of difference."

Xinhua

(China Daily 06/20/2019 page17)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/19/156099298677.jpg

a41f726719b21e750dd313.jpg


                              51 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 20, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Long-term value outlook to drive growth

BYLINE: Chen Jia, Zhou Lanxu and Liu Yukun

BODY:

Long-term value investing in the Chinese capital market is fostering
innovation-driven and fast-growing enterprises and encouraging Chinese business
leaders to rethink their companies' position in the transformation of global
value chains, said a senior economist.

China has created a friendly business environment for modern enterprises

Long-term value investing in the Chinese capital market is fostering
innovation-driven and fast-growing enterprises and encouraging Chinese business
leaders to rethink their companies' position in the transformation of global
value chains, said a senior economist.

During the past decades, China's inclusiveness and openness for international
economic cooperation have improved. The country has created a friendly business
environment for modern enterprises, especially for those with a remarkable
capacity of technological innovation, said Jin Li, deputy head of Peking
University's Guanghua School of Management, in an exclusive interview with China
Daily.

"Despite the disruptions of Sino-US trade tensions, the Chinese economy will
stay in good shape," said Jin, adding that technological innovation is a key
factor to enhance productivity and foster sustainable growth.

As the trade tensions have escalated after the United States imposed hefty
additional tariffs on a large amount of Chinese goods, enterprises in China need
to rethink the shifting of value chains and the consequences, the economist
said.

China is starting to play a significant role in research and development, as
well as design, along with the rise of global value chains, according to David
Dollar, a senior fellow at the Brookings Inst i tut ion's John L. Thornton China
Center.

Dollar's research shows that about two-thirds of international trade now take
place within such global value chains, up from 60 percent in 2001.

"Free trade is the best policy," said Dollar. "It is impossible to fine-tune
trade policy to help a geographic region or group of workers. And it is better
to concentrate on easing the adjustment as production and jobs naturally
evolve."

The Chinese government and enterprises have "very accommodative" mechanisms to
encourage international research cooperation and attract talents, such as to
provide financing and well-equipped laboratories for research, said Jin in the
interview.

The domestic market boasts huge business potential of technology
commercialization, and the nation is attracting leading global tech firms to
invest here or conduct research cooperation, Jin said.

In the long run, China needs to address the weak link in its overall favorable
environment for technological innovation - the lack of long-term, patient
capital - to sharpen the country's competitiveness amid lingering external
uncertainties, he added.

The lack of "patient investments", or long-term value investing, is restricting
the country's ability to master core technologies, such as those related to chip
development, according to Jin. He pointed out the existing contradictions
between short-term speculation in the capital market and insufficient funds for
fundamental research.

"The reason why the majority of local enterprises do not dare to conduct such
fundamental research is that the country's capital market featuring short-term
speculation does not support them doing that," said Jin, citing Chinese tech
giant Huawei deliberately choosing not to go public.

"China's capital market should be reformed to help long-term investors obtain
higher yields than short-term ones, which will help refill the market with more
patient capital," Jin said, adding that both the market and the government can
come into play in that respect.

The nation's top regulators are paying great attention to capital market reform
and opening-up to better serve economic restructuring, and are considering
measures to usher in more patient investors.

Vice-Premier Liu He said recently that the country will expand the channels of
long-term capital - such as insurers' funds, pension funds and enterprise
annuities - into the capital market, steadily enlarging institutional investors'
participation.

Concrete measures in this regard may start from the China Banking and Insurance
Regulatory Commission. The top banking and insurance regulator recently said it
is considering raising the ceiling for insurance companies to invest in equity
assets.

Contact the writers at chenjia@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/20/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/43/156099299145.jpg

a41f726719b21e750c7003.jpg


                              52 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 20, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Huawei shouldn't be made a victim in technology competition

BYLINE: Sun Lu

BODY:

China and the US are locked in a strategic competition in the telecommunications
sector, especially in 5G technology. That the United States has drawn global 5G
leader Huawei in the Sino-US trade disputes, saying it threatens its national
security, suggests a complex game to determine global governance, reshape the
regional order, and political and economic institutions might be underway.

Science and technology are the key to a country's social and economic progress,
as they can help improve people's lives and livelihoods and even increase the
country's national strength. Companies that make big investments in technology
research and development are important not only for industrial development but
also for national, regional and global development. Huawei is one such company,
ranking fifth in the world in terms of R&D investment and owning
1,529"standard-essential" 5G patents as of early February 2019, the most by any
company according to data-analytics company IPlytics.

Huawei has been drawn into the China-US disputes because Washington has mistaken
the Chinese government's normal commercial actions of buying products from
Huawei as a sign that the government is directing the company's operations.

For Huawei, following domestic and foreign regulations is a priority. But the
US-led camp insists that Huawei could help the Chinese government spy on other
countries and thus threaten their security. As a result, old Sino-US differences
such as those on different economic development models, China's rapid rise, and
the US' declining power in the international arena, have been exaggerated.

The Huawei issue indicates the China-US strategic competition in the science and
technology field could be a long-drawn one. The fact that Washington has raised
the Huawei issue at the Sino-US trade talks suggests it is desperate to contain
China's rise. Washington regards Huawei as a model of China's economic
development, and so by targeting Huawei it believes it is targeting China's
economic structure and policy.

By trying to reduce Huawei's international market share by cutting the company's
supply chains and shrinking its market, the US seems intent on dividing the
world into two parts based on the technological products made in the US and
other Western countries, and those in the rest of the world. In fact, a recent
Bloomberg article titled "Digital Cold War" painted a futuristic picture where
"in half the world, driverless cars built by Baidu and connected by Huawei's 5G
wireless service carry residents who shop online with Alibaba and post selfies
with WeChat. In the other half, those activities are dominated by companies like
Amazon, Google, Facebook, Tesla and Ericsson."

The fact is, there are no real barriers between the US and China, because
economic globalization and the close and complex global industrial chains have
no room for such barriers. Incidentally, even some of the US' allies differ with
it on Huawei in terms of security concerns. For instance, the United Kingdom
government has allowed Huawei to play a part in its 5G network construction
despite US efforts to convince the UK to ban Huawei.

Besides, Huawei's 5G base station, the size of a suitcase but with 20 times the
capacity of a 4G base station, can be easily used in old European cities. In
fact, countries such as Hungary, Brazil and Malaysia are working with Huawei to
advance mobile phone technology. And the African Union and Huawei have signed a
memorandum of understanding to deepen cooperation in broadband, internet of
things, cloud computing, 5G technology and artificial intelligence.

There is no need for the US to use Huawei as a pretext to start a Cold War in
the technology field to settle the trade disputes, because even though mistrust
between China and the US increases, the two countries cannot avoid cooperation
on significant issues in the future.

The author is an associate professor at the Institute of International
Relations, Communication University of China.

The views don't necessarily represent that of China Daily.

(China Daily 06/20/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/80/156099299214.jpg

00221917e13e1e750eb028.jpg


                              53 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 20, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Prejudice, not patriotism, gets pride of place

BODY:

Editor's note: According to a recent Reuters report, US Senator Marco Rubio
proposed a bill on Monday calling for amending the US National Defense
Authorization Act to ban Chinese telecommunications equipment supplier Huawei
seeking royalties and damages from US companies through US courts. A CRI.cn
article comments:

As a senator of the United States which has long claimed to be a great power in
protecting intellectual property rights, Rubio even declared that he would
change the US law to prohibit foreign companies from protecting their rights
according to US laws. This is tantamount to blatant looting of other countries'
intellectual property and patent achievements. Asking foreign companies to pay
for US patents but not allowing them to claim royalties from the US is arbitrary
and unprincipled.

Rubio, as one of the most anti-China figures in the Republican Party, often
accuses China of "stealing" US intellectual properties and has done whatever he
can to overstate Huawei's threat to US national security. When Huawei demanded
that the US' mobile network operator Verizon Wireless pay it more than $1
billion of licensing fees for 230 patents, Rubio immediately proposed to revise
the existing US law to prohibit Huawei from claiming its deserved royalties.
Such an ethical flip-flop reflects the typical double standard of US politicians
on intellectual property issues.

For some in the US, intellectual property protection is only a tool in their
hands, and it is up to them to decide when and how to use it. His latest
proposed bill once again shows the US has a double standard on IPR protection.

Rubio's verbal attacks on China are not limited to intellectual property issues.
Since being elected to the Senate in 2011, Rubio has put on him the clearest
political label through a series of activities, from pushing through the "Taiwan
Travel Act" in the US House of Representatives to proposing a ban on US
government agencies buying equipment from Chinese companies, to threatening to
drive China's Confucius Institutes out of US campuses, and lashing out at
China's human rights without evidence. Even The Washington Post has described
Rubio as "one of the loudest China critics".

However, Rubio's crude practices, although done under the pretext of patriotism,
undermine the image of the US. The ambition of those with extreme thoughts,
behaviors and words like Rubio will be known by more and more people.

(China Daily 06/20/2019 page8)


                              54 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 20, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: US strategy to 'increase pain' on its people

BYLINE: Han Baoyi in London

BODY:

A lose-lose strategy by which the United States thinks it can inflict more
economic damage on China than on itself is a very "big miscalculation" and will
ultimately increase the "pain" on the people in the United States, according to
John Ross, a British academic and senior fellow with the Chongyang Institute for
Financial Studies at Renmin University of China.

"It is estimated by the Oxford Economics that it will cost the average US
household at least $850 a year if the US is going to impose tariffs on all
Chinese products," Ross said.

Oxford Economics, a leading consultancy in global forecasting and quantitative
analysis, said in a report focusing on the US-China trade relationship that
trade with China not only saved a typical US household $850 in 2015, but also
has created 2.6 million jobs in the US, which could be put at risk due to
retaliatory tariffs.

"Therefore, what the US is doing now is not a policy which will aid the US. It
is a big miscalculation that the US think they can impose more pain on China
than on the US population," he said.

Having worked in China for more than 10 years, Ross said China's performance on
the global stage is very "skillful" and highly praised the foreign policy basis
of China.

"The idea of the common destiny of humanity is absolutely brilliant. And the
growth potential of the Best and Road Initiative is the most important growth
development in the whole world," he said.

"China is a very strong economy. It is certainly not going to be put off by a
few tariffs by the US," he added.

Ross said China's stance on the trade tensions is "absolutely correct", with the
white paper recently released giving a "very reasonable statement of China's
position".

"It shows China doesn't want this fight because China will lose from this trade
war as well as the US. Therefore, it would prefer not to have it." he said.
"But, on the other hand, if the US adopts the lose-lose strategy, then the only
way of China can deal with this situation is to ensure that the US also
suffers."

"The white paper said very briefly about China's bottom line. The problem is the
US that had a very bad method of negotiation," he said.

Ross noted that with the US abandoning or weakening globalization, the whole
global economy has been negatively affected. As a consequence, more and more
countries and territories won't follow the steps of the US including the
European Union.

"The EU is not committing itself to support the US at all. Although it will keep
a low profile because it depends on the US for military defense, it actually
won't go along with what the US do to the economic front," he said.

Ross mentioned the example of Huawei, and said it's not easy for the EU to keep
quiet and calm but won't go along with the US policy while facing the pressure
placed by the US on cutting Huawei out of the launch of 5G.

"Huawei is about nine months to a year ahead in the development of 5G and it's
cheaper, which means if you don't use Huawei equipment, it will be more
expensive 5G and it's going to be later," he said, adding that those governments
couldn't risk the development of 5G, which is "the key for the whole economy" in
the coming future.

hanbaoyi@mail.chinadailyuk.com

(China Daily 06/20/2019 page10)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/9/156099300237.jpg

00221917e13e1e750f132b.jpg


                              55 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 20, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: US senator's proposal affecting Huawei 'dangerous'

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

United States Senator Marco Rubio's proposed legislation to prevent Huawei from
suing for patent fees in US courts disrespects intellectual property ownership
and severely infringes on the Chinese company's legitimate rights, analysts
said.

If the bill is passed, it will set a very bad precedent that disrupts the global
intellectual property system and damages the US government's self-proclaimed
righteousness concerning patents, they added.

The comments came after media reported that Rubio filed legislation that would
bar the Shenzhen, Guangdong province-based company from seeking legal action
related to patent infringements in the US.

Bai Ming, a senior researcher at the Chinese Academy of International Trade and
Economic Cooperation, said the US government is adopting double standards when
dealing with intellectual property.

"Rubio's bill signifies that in his eyes, US laws should only protect US
companies' patents, and if US companies steal Chinese enterprises' patents, they
should not be punished. What a ridiculous idea," Bai said.

Protecting patents makes common sense globally and no regard should be given to
national boundaries, he said, adding that Rubio's proposal, though still several
steps away from becoming law, further damages the reputation of the US as an
open place to do business.

Erick Robinson, a US patent attorney and former in-house counsel at Qualcomm and
Red Hat, said in a post on Twitter that this is "not just dumb, but dangerous".

"Aside from being arguably unconstitutional, such a move would destroy forever
any US moral high ground argument (regarding) IP with China or anyone," Robinson
said, adding this is his own view and does not represent any companies he works
for.

The Florida senator's move came after Huawei reportedly asked US telecom carrier
Verizon Communications to pay $1 billion to license the rights to Huawei's
patented technology.

Ren Zhengfei, founder and CEO of Huawei, said during a dialogue on Monday that
Huawei has many patents for 5G, but will by no means use these patents as a
weapon to hinder societal development.

Huawei will also not overcharge other companies that use its patented
technology, Ren said, adding that he believes the US courts would reach fair
rulings when it comes to Huawei's patent lawsuits with other companies.

Huawei's 2018 annual report said the company obtained a total of 87,805
authorized patents by the end of 2018, of which 11,152 were granted in the US.

Wang Yanhui, secretary-general of Mobile China Alliance, an association of
Chinese smartphone vendors, said the US often accuses China of stealing
intellectual property, but Rubio's proposal amounts to the de facto robbery of
Chinese companies' patents.

"The US senator is now destroying his own country's intellectual property system
with double standards," Wang added.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/20/2019 page3)


                              56 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            June 19, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: In 5G market, China puts money where its mouth is

BODY:

CHINA MOBILE, one of the four licensed 5G operators in China, recently signed
some large-scale purchasing deals on 5G equipment and facilities with Huawei,
ZTE, Ericsson and Nokia. Beijing News comments:

That Ericsson and Nokia will become suppliers of 5G equipment for the Chinese
market is noteworthy, as it indicates that despite Huawei's leading position in
the field, China has opened its door to other 5G equipment providers from around
the world.

The other three licensed 5G commercial use operators are expected to unveil
their procurement plans soon.

Now, the starting gun has been fired, a large-scale 5G infrastructure
construction will sweep the country. It is estimated the overall investment in
5G in China will increase from 17.56 billion yuan ($2.54 billion) this year to
221.65 billion yuan five years later. The return is even more remarkable, as the
economic output that the commercial use of 5G will directly bring about from
2020 to 2025 is forecast to total 10.6 trillion yuan.

Apparently, the cake of China's 5G market provides opportunities for all
relevant enterprises in the industry. And this will be win-win cooperation
coming along with the advancement of technology.

Huawei will provide for about 50 percent of the 5G equipment for China Mobile;
ZTE, another Chinese corporation, less than 5 percent; and Ericsson and Nokia
combined, more than 40 percent. Which shows China's openness and support for
economic globalization. As long as foreign companies meet relevant requirements,
they can compete for orders of the Chinese market through transparent and equal
means, and the Chinese government will never disturb normal industrial and
business cooperation.

Although the Chinese enterprises claim more than 30 percent of the patents of 5G
standards, they have not taken advantage of their leading position to force out
competitors from other countries, as it is a consensus among them that the
future of 5G and breakthroughs of the next generation of telecommunications
technologies lie in international collaboration, not working behind closed
doors.

In stark contrast, the United States has left no stones unturned in its bid to
split the world on the research, development and application of a technology
that aims to connect the world.

(China Daily 06/19/2019 page8)


                              57 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            June 19, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Washington needs more holistic view of the world

BODY:

A lot is happening as the world counts down to the anticipated meetings on the
sidelines of the G20 summit in Japan between the US president and the leaders of
countries with which his country is at or threatening a trade war.

Little appears to be in favor of those under threat of exorbitant US tariffs.
They seemingly either give in to Washington's requests, or see harsher US
tariffs befall their economies.

If hasty tweets do work as they are meant to, the G20 gathering near the end of
June may witness a historic bumper harvest for Washington's trade bullying. That
way, the planned G20 agenda may well end up on the sidelines of the US
president's one-on-one meetings.

No one can tell whether all the meetings Washington wants will materialize, or,
if they do, how they will play out. However, Washington can thank itself for
lowering expectations.

The US Trade Representative's Office has begun a weeklong testimony about
imposing additional tariffs on another $300 billion worth of Chinese exports.
India has been stripped of trade privileges under the Generalized System of
Preferences. Japan and several other countries face similar punitive tariffs
once trade negotiations fail to meet Washington's demands.

Yet despite all the clamor about making America "great again", the idea to
reshuffle bilateral trading ties to make them one-sidedly favor the United
States is doing the very opposite. New Delhi has decided to impose retaliatory
tariffs on 28 US products. Beijing, after a reciprocal counter-move in the
first-round tit-for-tat, is getting increasingly serious not just about a coming
round two, but a protracted, all-round standoff.

Following serial commentaries aimed at rallying domestic public opinion, the top
Communist Party of China journal Qiushi summed it all up with the vow to "fight
it out till the end". It centered around Beijing's core claims regarding the
trade spat, warning: "No one, no force should underestimate and belittle the
steel will of the Chinese people and their strength and tenacity to fight a
protracted war."

Not that Beijing believes it will emerge unbruised from a trade war. But it is
counting on its people's incomparable endurance to be an ultimate "systemic
advantage".

But very much like the White House, decision-makers in Zhongnanhai want to evade
a full-blown trade war. Since neither side appears ready to really slam the door
shut on further negotiations, they should refrain from escalating tensions, and
engage each other in a more constructive manner.

In anticipation of the damaging consequences of the unfolding trade war, some of
Huawei's key US suppliers are reportedly lobbying the White House to ease its
ban on the Chinese company. "This isn't about helping Huawei. It's about
preventing harm to American companies," an insider was quoted as saying.

That is better understanding of the nature of trade.

Washington might want to lend an ear to the advice of Lao Tzu who cautioned that
one who is too insistent on his own views finds few to agree with him.

(China Daily 06/19/2019 page8)


                              58 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            June 19, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Huawei confident of bucking headwinds

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

When the going gets tough, the tough get going is a phrase that I have read
often, but never seen in real life. I must confess that I have been proved
wrong, judging by the hustle and bustle that is visible every day at the campus
in Shenzhen that also doubles up as the headquarters of Chinese telecoms
equipment major Huawei Technologies Co.

It has been over one month since the US government fired a salvo against the
Chinese company by imposing restrictions on access to US technologies. Despite
the constant fusillade since then, Huawei has not only managed to deflect the
obstacles, but stand tall and press ahead with its plans.

In Shenzhen, not for once does one get an impression that the company is under a
siege. Instead, it is even busier than usual.

Visitors check out Huawei P30 smartphones during CES Asia, a fair specially for
electronics products, in Shanghai on June 11. Wang Gang / For China Daily

Over the years, I have been a witness to the amazing development of Huawei as a
global tech giant. But I have never for once wondered what was it that kept the
company ticking? The answer to that question perhaps lies in the words of its
74-year old founder, Ren Zhengfei.

Amid the US government's crackdown on the company, Ren compares Huawei often to
an airplane battling the odds to return to base, even as it plugs holes in the
aircraft midair. Much like the Ilyushin Il-2 aircraft, which kept flying despite
being hit by anti-aircraft shells and machine-gun fire to make its way back home
during World War II, Huawei seems more than determined to prove its point and
showcase how modern Chinese tech companies can thrive in the global arena.

Many had assumed Washington's decision to restrict Huawei from purchasing US
technologies would deal a deadly blow to the company, given its reliance on US
suppliers for key components and software.

But nothing of that sort has happened. Instead, its engineers are working
overtime to accelerate the development of an in-house operating system to reduce
reliance on other international firms, while the chip unit is working on more
self-developed semiconductor products, even as orders for 5G telecom equipment
keep rolling in.

Shao Yang, chief strategy officer of Huawei's consumer business group said in a
recent interview that: "Huawei is not at the most dangerous moment, but in its
best condition." Though this does not hide the fact that the company is facing
headwinds, it points out that its 180,000 employees are more than ready to cope
with the biggest challenge in its 30-year-plus history with unprecedented
solidarity.

One of my friends, who has been working at Huawei for four years as an IT
engineer, used to tell me earlier that she was looking for a change in jobs to
try something new. But of late, she has stopped talking about such moves.

"At such a critical juncture, no one wants to be a deserter," she said when I
asked her about her plans.

Undoubtedly, Huawei's resilience also comes from the company's decades of
consistent heavy input into research and development.

As early as 1991, Huawei, back then just a four-year-old company, set up its own
application-specific integrated circuit design center, marking the start of its
long journey into the semiconductor industry, which is dubbed as the crown jewel
of the electronics business.

The company has devoted 394 billion yuan ($56.9 billion) in the past decade into
R&D to grow its technological prowess and bankroll fundamental science research.

Ren reaffirms categorically that: "If others cut our food supply, we must have a
backup plan," referring to the current challenges the company is confronting.

But my perception of the company is often reflected in the image of an aircraft
it used in its internal portal with the tag line: Heroes are forged, not born.

Contact the writer at masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/19/2019 page14)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/56/156090647032.jpg

a41f726719b21e73bc020b.jpg


                              59 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            June 19, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: US RESTRICTIONS RAISE CONCERNS

BYLINE: Lia Zhu in San Francisco

BODY:

Student visa delays a symptom of increasingly strained ties

It's been four weeks since Jack Ling submitted the required documents to the
United States consulate in Shanghai for a visa renewal. He hasn't heard back
yet.

The Chinese graduate student in materials engineering at the University of
Southern California has one year left before graduation. The worst case scenario
would be remaining stuck in limbo during the visa process, Ling said.

For now, he is not too worried because his wait time falls within the normal
range of "administrative processing" - a visa case undergoing additional vetting
for security reasons. Most administrative processing is resolved within 60 days,
according to the US State Department.

"When I first applied for a student visa in 2016, I was given five years
(duration). But since last year, I have to renew it every year, unless I remain
in the US," he said.

In June last year, the State Department shortened the validity periods of visas
for Chinese graduate students in fields such as aviation, robotics and advanced
manufacturing to one year from the previous five due to "espionage concerns".

Ling's major, related to chip development, is subject to the restrictions. He
said he heard that a PhD candidate with the same major at his university has
waited for over a year in China, but still hasn't received a visa.

Visa status and research funding are the two top concerns for Chinese PhD
students in the scientific research field in the US, said Tony, a Chinese PhD
candidate in chemistry currently studying at the California Institute of
Technology. He only wanted to provide his first name.

"Chinese students who study abroad already spend more money than their domestic
counterparts; having visa issues will sometimes result in additional trips and
extra expenses," he said.

But aside from the financial burden, the anti-Chinese rhetoric puts more
pressure on Chinese students and researchers, Tony said.

The tightening net of government regulations, such as the investigation by the
National Institutes of Health, the nation's largest research funder, into
scholars with "foreign ties", has generally made Chinese students more concerned
about their stay in the US, he said.

The US visa restrictions on foreign students in certain areas are not new. The
widely reported visa delays and denials and prolonged visa checks against
Chinese students reminded Wang Dequan of his own experience in 2002.

Wang, adjunct professor of the MBA Center at the China University of Political
Science and Law, said he was denied a visa to return to the US for his PhD at
Stanford Law School. Fortunately, he managed to continue his research in China
before he was finally granted the visa two years later.

"It's unfortunate to see similar situations happening again. The impact is
damaging to the US academics as well as the individuals affected. Openness and
diversity are essential for a university to remain dynamic and attractive," said
Wang, who was visiting Stanford University for a law conference.

Restrictions and pushback

In the past year, some senior officials of the Trump administration have
portrayed Chinese studying in the US as threats to national security.

One of the most prominent is FBI Director Christopher Wray, who described US
universities as being naive about the espionage threat at a Senate intelligence
committee hearing in February.

He accused Chinese individuals in academia, from professors to scientists to
students, of "taking advantage" of and "exploiting the very open research and
development environment" in the US.

Over the past one and a half years, US universities have come under increasing
pressure from the FBI and other federal agencies to confront the accusations of
intellectual property theft of government-funded research.

Some US lawmakers are writing bills that would require more reporting from
colleges, universities and laboratories about funds from China. The bills would
also prohibit students or scholars with ties to the Chinese military from
entering the US, or set new limits on access to sensitive academic research.

Early this month, US Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and Florida Representative
Francis Rooney reintroduced the Stop Higher Education Espionage and Theft Act,
which was first introduced in the Senate in May. It is intended to prevent what
the politicians described as Chinese espionage efforts at US universities.

Ling said that when he first arrived in the US in 2016, when Barack Obama was
president, the overall climate was welcoming and visa application was
"convenient".

"Not only students, but also professors are impacted (by tightening
restrictions)," he said. "Some of them are sponsored by Huawei and other Chinese
companies. I'm afraid the political and economic tensions will expand into the
academic community."

However, citing recent statements issued by prestigious universities in the US,
Tony said he believes most of the US universities are dedicated to the idea of
"academia knows no borders".

Yale University President Peter Salovey said in a May 23 letter to "the Yale
community" that tensions in US-China relations and increased scrutiny of
academic exchanges have added to a sense of unease among many international
students and scholars at Yale and at universities across the country.

He said the international students and scholars are "vital" to the university
and that openness - a key to the extraordinary success of America's great
research universities - "must remain a hallmark of Yale".

Salovey also wrote that he is working with presidents of other universities in
the Association of American Universities "to urge federal agencies to clarify
concerns they have about international academic exchanges".

In March, University of Michigan President Mark Schlissel and Stanford
University President Marc Tessier-Lavigne both made statements supporting
international scholars and students, including those from China, on their
campuses.

At the University of California, Berkeley, the nearly 2,500 students from China
are by far the largest group of international students.

"Berkeley is a university which values diversity in the broadest sense and every
form. We believe that having a global student population is a foundational
element of our institutional character and academic mission," Dan Mogulof,
assistant vice-chancellor of the Office of Communications and Public Affairs at
UC Berkeley, told China Daily in an email.

"So, in that context we will continue to ensure that every student on this
campus, regardless of their country of origin, feels safe, respected and
welcome," he said.

Despite "any particular issue going on in the world", University of Chicago
President Robert Zimmer said the university will continue its commitment to
academic exchange.

He has recently come back from a two-day visit to Wuhan University in Central
China's Hubei province. During the visit, the two universities renewed their
agreements on pursuing academic and cultural collaboration and exchange.

According to a memorandum of understanding signed by the two universities, the
pair will explore the potential for activities such as the exchange of students
and faculty members, joint research in areas of mutual academic interest, as
well as sharing of research, academic curricula and other information.

"Given recent developments impacting US-China relations, along with questions
about the nature of interactions between scholars in the US and other countries,
I write to reaffirm the University's unwavering commitment to welcoming and
supporting people of all backgrounds and nations," Zimmer wrote in an
all-university email on June 10.

He also said that the university is "monitoring recent issues closely" and will
continue to "work with our community and external partners to address any
concerns in keeping with the framework of laws and regulations".

Impact on Silicon Valley

Michael Yoshikami, CEO and founder of Destination Wealth Management, a financial
services firm in Silicon Valley, said, "Anytime you have restrictions,
particularly when you deal with highly-educated specialists or technical
specialists, it's going to be a challenge for Silicon Valley.

"I know many in Silicon Valley are very much supporting an open policy in terms
of the exchange of skills as well as allowing students to be here and learn," he
said.

Yoshikami has been traveling to China regularly and meeting with Chinese
business leaders and government officials.

"When you talk to business leaders in China, there's such a great deal of
uncertainty in many ways. The US is equally concerned about the current state of
relations. It has already impacted many companies," he said.

The escalation of the tensions between the world's largest economies has sparked
major losses for iconic Silicon Valley companies, such as Apple, Intel, Tesla
and Hewlett-Packard.

The Trump administration risks losing the "talent war", which requires
"comprehensive immigration reform that would ensure that the best and brightest
minds from around the world bring their ideas and energy to the United States",
said a May 15 editorial in the The Mercury News, San Jose, California.

The article suggests the administration not "employ a strategy of short-term
victories at the expense of the technology industry's future needs".

According to data from the US Citizenship and Immigration Services, 25 percent
of the petitions for the H-1B visa, a work visa pursued by a large number of
Silicon Valley employees, were denied in the three months ending Dec 31, 2018.
The H-1B denial rate has risen steadily since January 2017.

As the US political environment is swinging toward more restrictions, Chinese
students are being warned of "the risks" of studying in the US.

China's Ministry of Education earlier this month warned Chinese students and
scholars of the risks of going to study in the US, and urged them to step up
risk assessment.

"The various restrictions imposed by the US government will definitely hurt
China now, but from a long-term standpoint, it's going to cause even more damage
to the US, especially in its high-tech sector," said Patrick, a Chinese who
works at a startup company that researches and manufactures medical equipment.

"It would prevent more global talent from studying and working in the US. China
will have to rely on itself for high-tech development, which is good for the
country in the long run," said Patrick, who preferred to be identified by first
name only. He obtained his PhD in electrical engineering from the California
Institute of Technology in 2016.

Ling said, "I think every student would like to work in the US after graduation,
at least for some years to gain experience. But since we are foreigners and have
no voice in the US, we can do nothing about it."

He said he had heard that it's become harder for Chinese employees to get
involved in key technology development in big companies in Silicon Valley due to
pressure from the government.

"The situation is not what we would like to see, but after all, it's not bad to
return to China. I think there are more opportunities in China, particularly in
the chip industry," he said.

Liu Yinmeng in Los Angeles, Pan Mengqi in Beijing and Heng Weili in New York
contributed to this story.

liazhu@chinadailyusa.com

Top: Chinese visit Yale University in the United States. Jin Yan / For China
Daily Above left: J. Fraser Stoddart, one of the winners of the 2016 Nobel Prize
in Chemistry, is congratulated by student Yuan Liu at Northwestern University in
the Chicago suburb of Evanston, Illinois. Jim Young / Reuters Center: Yale
campus. Provided To China Daily Right: Graduation ceremony at Yale University in
2014. Wang Lei / Xinhua

(China Daily 06/19/2019 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/33/156090647342.jpg

00221917e13e1e73bc2609.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/54/156090647377.jpg

00221917e13e1e73bc3a0c.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/43/156090647400.jpg

00221917e13e1e73bc310a.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/22/156090647417.jpg

00221917e13e1e73bc350b.jpg


                              60 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 18, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Huawei lowers revenue expectations

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Huawei Technologies lowered its revenue forecast for 2019 by a sixth, but said
that the United States government's restrictions will not stop it from going
forward.

Ren Zhengfei, founder and CEO of Huawei, said on Monday in Shenzhen, Guangdong
province, that the company's revenue this year and next will stand at around
$100 billion after Washington placed major restrictions on the company from
purchasing US technology.

"We estimate we'll reduce production by $30 billion over the next two years,"
Ren said during a dialogue at Huawei's headquarters in Shenzhen. " (But) we will
be rejuvenated in 2021."

The 74-year-old senior executive confirmed that Huawei's overseas smartphone
business may drop by 40 percent this year, but the company has seen big growth
in smartphones in China.

"We never expected the United States to hit Huawei with such determination. We
could not even participate in some (industry) organizations, but that will not
stop Huawei from going forward," Ren said.

The US government accused Huawei of posing a national security risk, an
accusation that the world's largest telecom equipment maker has repeatedly
denied and said was never supported by any factual evidence.

Ren said the company will invest $100 billion over the next five years as an
extra step to make network infrastructure more efficient and reliable and it
will never use its intellectual property as a weapon.

Despite the financial blows the company is bearing, Ren said there was no plan
to reduce research spending and promised to make more contributions to
telecommunications and AI breakthroughs.

The executive also highlighted that the company has no plans to spin off or sell
businesses in the future, though the US government's ban will force it to scale
back production.

The comments came after Huawei said earlier that it would sell its 51 percent
stake in Huawei Marine Networks, a global submarine network provider and a joint
venture between Huawei and United Kingdom-based undersea cable company Global
Marine Systems.

"This is a decision made a long time ago. We decided to sell the submarine
network business simply because it was not our core business," Ren said.

Nicholas Negroponte, co-founder of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's
Media Lab, said at the dialogue in Shenzhen that the US is not an absolute
leader in semiconductors anymore, and it is impossible for the US administration
to use Chinese companies' reliance on foreign semiconductor products to pressure
them.

Lyu Tingjie, a telecom professor at Beijing University of Posts and
Telecommunications, said any harm to Huawei will have broader ripple effects
across the global tech arena and beyond due to the company's huge size and its
technological prowess in 5G.

Reuters reported on Monday that Huawei's US chip suppliers, including Qualcomm
and Intel, are quietly pressing the US government to ease its ban on the Chinese
company, worrying about fallout on their own businesses.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/18/2019 page3)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/25/156081305958.jpg

00221917e13e1e7265090e.jpg


                              61 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 17, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: US trade war based on miscalculation

BYLINE: Zhang Jun

BODY:

Just when a trade agreement between the United States and China appeared to be
in sight, negotiators found themselves back at square one. The apparent reason
for the disruption was China's insistence on a substantially rewritten draft
agreement, which, according to the United States administration, reneges on
previously agreed terms. But the root cause of China's changes to the draft -
the reason behind its reluctance to meet US demands - lies in a fundamental
miscalculation by the US.

Simply put, the US has been overplaying its hand. The agreement that China
rewrote would have obliged the Chinese side to legislate some of the changes
sought by the US - moreover, it was negotiated amid an aggressive US campaign
against Chinese telecommunications giant Huawei. That campaign has included
adding the company to the US' trade blacklist, thereby cutting off its supply of
critical technologies, and pushing US allies to isolate the company as well.

US attack on Huawei will have far-reaching effects

While such actions will undoubtedly hurt Huawei, the company which is a global
leader in 5G technology can eventually offset its losses by forging ties with
other fastgrowing Chinese high-tech companies. For the rest of the world,
however, the US administration's attacks on Huawei - and on China more generally
- will have far-reaching consequences.

China is too deeply embedded in global supply chains simply to go away.
Alienating the world's leading manufacturer and industrial producer - with its
consumer market of more than 1.3 billion people - will severely disrupt global
value chains and cast a shadow over the entire world economy.

The US administration's miscalculations may have resulted partly from acting in
haste, in the hope of notching a "win" ahead of next year's presidential
election. But the US also seems convinced that it is up against a China with a
particularly weak hand, owing to the risk of a hard landing for its economy.
That is not the case.

China has many weapons to counter US attacks

While China imports relatively little from the US, it may have more weapons than
its opponent to deploy in this trade war. Beyond retaliating directly, through
tariffs on agricultural products and commercial aircraft, it could tighten
capital controls, dump its unparalleled holdings of US Treasury debt, or allow
its currency to depreciate.

So far, however, China has shown considerable restraint. For example, despite
the renminbi's recent depreciation against the US dollar, the People's Bank of
China, the country's central bank, has expressed its intention to maintain
exchange-rate stability. And even if deepening tensions with the US over trade
and technology force it to take some short-term retaliatory actions, China is
likely to maintain this restraint for the foreseeable future.

The reason is simple: this moderate approach serves China's own long-term
interests, both directly (by supporting continued economic growth and
development, preserving social stability, and protecting state integrity) and
indirectly (by avoiding further costly disruptions to global markets).
Ironically, it also will compel China's commitment to the very structural
reforms that the US claims to be seeking.

China trying to maintain global economy's stability

The trade war has highlighted the risks inherent in maintaining an open economy.
But, rather than slam the door shut on the rest of the world, China is
attempting to protect the global economy's stability.

China's leaders do not believe that the trend of economic globalization - in
which China has been both a leading beneficiary and, increasingly, a major
contributor - will be reversed any time soon. Because the US remains, in China's
view, the world's preeminent defender of the free markets toward which China is
moving, its deviations from free-market orthodoxy and abuses of state power
could shake America's own economic foundations and threaten its institutions.

If China and the US become increasingly estranged, China will develop its own
core technologies, in order to end its dependence on the US, and build up the
strategic sectors that will propel its economic development.

Board to promote tech innovation to open soon

But such technological progress on China's part will, in any case, require the
country to implement structural reforms. In particular, it will have to protect
intellectual property rights and establish more efficient capital markets, in
order to encourage basic scientific research, technological innovation, and
entrepreneurship. In fact, recognizing the role of capital markets in promoting
technological innovation, China opened a Science and Technology Innovation Board
at the Shanghai Stock Exchange on Thursday.

This is not to say that China will close the door on trade negotiations. On the
contrary, the US-China trade relationship does have its structural imbalances,
which China is willing to address.

But rather than allow the US administration to push it to increase imports
unilaterally - an approach that is both naive and reckless - China is insisting
on resolving the problem in stages. The world should support this method, with
the US, in particular, relaxing restrictions on exports to China and welcoming
Chinese investment in the US.

Beijing will avoid falling into 'Thucydides trap'

To many, China and the US appear to be falling into the "Thucydides trap", a
self-fulfilling prophecy in which the existing power, fearing a challenger,
brings about a war for global dominance. But, even as the economic contest
between the two countries continues, this outcome is far from inevitable.

A lack of mutual political trust has not prevented the US and China from
engaging in mutually beneficial commercial collaboration over the past 40 years,
nor has it hampered the recent surge in cultural, educational and other
exchanges. At a time when the two countries face many common challenges -
including climate change, nuclear threats, terrorism, poverty, and
financial-market stability - one can only hope that the US administration once
again shows the vision and wisdom needed to renew such cooperation with China.

The author is dean of the School of Economics at Fudan University and director
of the China Center for Economic Studies, a Shanghai-based think tank.

Project Syndicate

The views don't necessarily represent those of China Daily.

(China Daily 06/17/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/22/156073395603.jpg

00221917e13e1e7118341a.jpg


                              62 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 15, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Huawei ban to jeopardize investment

BYLINE: Angus McNeice in London

BODY:

Liu Xiaoming, China's ambassador to the United Kingdom, has pointed out that a
British ban on Huawei 5G network equipment would send a "negative message" to
other Chinese companies considering investments in the UK.

Major mobile network companies say restriction would delay UK's 5G rollout

Liu Xiaoming, China's ambassador to the United Kingdom, has pointed out that a
British ban on Huawei 5G network equipment would send a "negative message" to
other Chinese companies considering investments in the UK.

In an interview with the BBC on Wednesday, Liu said that if the UK government
joins a US-led boycott of Huawei, Chinese companies would begin to question if
Britain is open for business.

"I think it will send a very bad message, not only to Huawei, but also to
Chinese businesses," Liu said. "Will the UK remain open? Will the UK still be a
business-friendly environment for Chinese companies? It will send a very bad
signal, not only on trade, but also on investment."

Nations across the globe are in the process of updating communications
infrastructure from 4G to 5G, which is the fifth and most advanced generation of
mobile network technology.

The United States has put pressure on the UK and other allies to ban the use of
Huawei kit in these upgrades due to alleged security concerns. Historically, UK
mobile operators have used large amounts of Huawei equipment when building
network infrastructure.

Both Australia and New Zealand have instructed domestic operators to bar Huawei
from bidding on network contracts. The UK government will reveal its decision on
Huawei when it publishes a telecoms supply chain review in the coming weeks.

Liu said that Huawei has made significant contributions to the British economy
since it opened its first UK office 16 years ago. Huawei has worked as a major
supplier for UK mobile network operators since it clinched its first contract
with BT in 2005. Between 2013 and 2017 the company invested or procured more
than 2 billion pounds ($2.54 billion) in the UK, and last year the company
pledged to spend a further 3 billion pounds on British technology and services
over a five-year period.

"Huawei is a good company, it's a leader in 5G. They are here for win-win
cooperation with their British counterparts, and they contribute tremendously,"
said Liu. "They employ 7,000 people, and in terms of win-win collaboration, if
the UK collaborates with Huawei there will be a promising future for both
sides."

The UK was China's top investment destination in Europe between 2007 and 2017,
according to the American Enterprise Institute's China Global Investment
tracker, but Liu said that bilateral business relations could take a hit in the
event of a ban on Huawei.

"For the past five years, investment from China (into the UK) has exceeded the
total from the previous 30 years," said Liu. "Chinese investment is booming in
this country. In the last year it increased by 14 percent. But if you shut the
door for Huawei it will send a very bad and negative message to other Chinese
businesses."

This week, the BBC reported that UK mobile operators will send a letter to the
British government requesting that it urgently clarifies its position on Huawei.

A recent report commissioned by four of the UK's major mobile network companies
- EE, O2, Three and Vodafone - claimed that a ban on Huawei would delay 5G
rollout in the UK by up to two years and damage Britain's chances of becoming a
world leader in future technologies.

The report, published by tech consultancy Assembly Research, estimated such a
delay would cost the British economy between 4.5 billion and 6.8 billion pounds.

angus@mail.chinadailyuk.com

(China Daily 06/15/2019 page7)


                              63 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 15, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Vodafone's 5G service in Spain uses Huawei gear

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

United Kingdom telecom operator Vodafone will launch its 5G network services in
15 Spanish cities, including Madrid and Barcelona, on Saturday in cooperation
with Chinese tech company Huawei Technologies Co.

The announcement means that Huawei is steadily securing votes of confidence from
foreign companies despite the United States government's crackdown on the
world's largest telecom equipment maker.

Vodafone said the move makes Spain one of a handful of countries in the world to
commercialize the superfast technology and its 5G network will offer download
speeds of up to 1 gigabits per second.

A Vodafone spokesman told AFP the company will use telecom gear from Huawei and
the Swedish manufacturer Ericsson to distribute the mobile service which would
eventually power critical applications such as autonomous driving or remote
surgeries in the future.

The development came shortly after Huawei devices were used for the first 5G
live-streaming in the UK in May.

By June 6, Huawei had 46 commercial contracts for 5G networks in 30 countries
worldwide. The increasing number of orders demonstrate Huawei's technological
prowess in 5G, said Xiang Ligang, director-general of the Information
Consumption Alliance, a telecom industry association.

Huawei has invested about $2 billion in total into the research and development
of 5G since 2009. The company's founder and CEO Ren Zhengfei said in an earlier
interview that others will definitely not be able to catch up with Huawei in 5G
technologies over the next two to three years.

Huawei is facing a campaign from the US government, which accuses the company of
posing risks to its national security. Huawei has repeatedly denied the
accusations and said these claims are not supported by factual evidence.

Washington banned Huawei from buying any US technology without special approval
in May. Swiss investment bank UBS said in a research report that the US
government's restrictions on Huawei would hold back earnings in the tech sector
across the world.

Assuming the US government's restrictions stay in place, UBS estimated that US
tech players' earnings would decline by a low-single digit percentage, given the
close business connections of US companies with Huawei.

The Asian tech sector would see mid-single digit percentage losses, although the
impact would be neutral for Europe's tech industry, the bank predicted.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

Attendees at the Huawei pavilion, during the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona,
Spain, last year. Provided to China Daily

(China Daily 06/15/2019 page5)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/95/156056095984.jpg

a41f726719b21e6e78cb0e.jpg


                              64 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 14, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Telecom company ramps up 5G efforts

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Shortly after winning a 5G commercial license a week ago, China Mobile, the
world's largest telecom carrier by mobile subscribers, has started arguably its
biggest effort so far to invite bids for network construction and smartphone
testing.

China Mobile, the world's largest telecom carrier by mobile subscribers, has
started accepting bids for the first phase of its 5G buildout in 2019, with the
project's pre-estimated price set at 19.26 billion yuan ($2.79 billion).

The forecast price exceeded the investment size of roughly 17 billion yuan China
Mobile said earlier that it could pour into 5G this year, signifying that the
company has ramped up the push to roll out the superfast network, analysts said.

A visitor to the first China-Central and Eastern European Countries Expo, which
was held in Ningbo, Zhejiang province, experiences 5G enabled VR equipment.
Xinhua

According to the Beijing-based company, it has released a notice on its official
bidding website on June 10, detailing the requirements for the first phase of
its 5G wireless network project in 2019.

Just one day later, China Mobile said on the same website that it will buy
10,100 smartphones from five domestic manufacturers for 5G testing, marking its
biggest 5G smartphone order so far.

That also means an accelerated step by China Mobile to promote 5G smartphones,
as the company previously noted in a white paper that its plan was to buy more
than 10,000 5G smartphones and other terminals in July.

The company told China Daily that these smartphones which include 5,000 units
from domestic leader Huawei are for experience testing for some users, and will
not be sold to the public.

Meanwhile, according to research company Nomura, China Mobile has awarded its
first round of 5G network equipment contracts after China officially granted a
5G license to it on June 6. The company aims to offer 5G commercial services in
40 cities by September.

Xiang Ligang, director-general of Information Consumption Alliance, a telecom
industry association, said the moves highlight that China Mobile has a sprawling
subscriber base, and it is relatively better funded with cash compared with its
rivals.

Major telecom carriers China Unicom and China Telecom also said they are aiming
to cover at least 40 cities with 5G services by the end of this year.

But amid the current enthusiasm for the next-generation wireless technology
which will power applications such as autonomous driving, some professionals and
analysts also give some suggestions.

Zhao Aiming, deputy head of the State-owned Assets Supervision and
Administration Commission of the State Council, which regulates State-owned
enterprises including telecom carriers, said at a recent conference that network
operators should avoid repetitive investments in 5G and pay attention to the
potential risks in industrial development.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/14/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/74/156047343114.jpg

a41f726719b21e6d2db223.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/71/156047343162.jpg

a41f726719b21e6d2dd324.jpg


                              65 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 14, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Doubts over China being a developing nation baseless

BYLINE: Qiu Jing

BODY:

Thanks to its rapid economic growth, China has not only become the world's
second-largest economy but also cultivated many high-tech companies, including
Alibaba, Huawei and Tencent. But it is wrong to assume, as some Western media
reports do, that China is a "developed country" that is trying to challenge the
United States' dominant global status.

In the 70 years since its founding, the People's Republic of China has made many
remarkable achievements. But despite that, China remains a developing country,
and has much to do to become a developed country.

First, China's development is uneven. Its coastal provinces are developed
compared with its inland regions. For example, in the eastern region, the per
capita GDP of cities such as Beijing, Shanghai and Tianjin is more than $13,000,
equal to that of a lower-level high-income country. But some places in the
western region are less developed, and their per capita GDP and per capita
income both are comparatively low.

Also, China's urbanization rate is about 58 percent - much lower than the about
80 percent in developed countries. There is also a development gap between urban
and rural areas. For instance, per capita disposable income of urban residents
is 2.7 times that of rural residents, and per capita consumption expenditure of
urban residents is 2.2 times that of rural residents, not to mention the gap
between urban and rural infrastructure and public services.

And the lack of proper transportation networks has made many places in China
relatively inaccessible. True, China has forged ahead in highway construction.
But its highway mileage density is still low.

As for sanitary facilities, rural areas face many problems because of poor
public infrastructure. In 2015, China initiated a "toilet revolution" to improve
rural hygiene. In the more than three years since then, over 70,000 toilets have
been renovated or built. Despite these efforts, however, only 36.2 percent of
the rural population has access to modern toilets with 58.6 percent using pit
toilets. The lack of drinking water, proper healthcare and telecom networks are
some of the other problems plaguing rural China.

Second, despite China being the second-largest economy in the world, its per
capita income is relatively low. Even though the World Bank has placed China in
the middle-to high-income group of countries on the basis of its per capita
income, the country's per capita income of $9,291 in 2018 was less than the
global average. Which means China is still a developing country rather than a
developed country.

Third, the Chinese economy is shifting from manufacturing-and export-driven
growth to services-and innovation-led development, with the government laying
greater emphasis on environmental indicators to not only better protect the
environment but also build an ecological civilization. And China still needs to
improve its investment efficiency, as it is lower than that of developed
countries.

Moreover, the Chinese economy's scientific and technological innovation
capability is still not up to the mark. Compared with the developed countries,
China's manufacturing sector produces huge quantities of goods, yet it is in a
disadvantageous position on the global industry chain. In addition, China's
cultural construction, defense capacity, scientific and technological
development, and modernization levels also need to be improved.

And fourth, China is transforming its development model from quantitative growth
to high quality development to help its people lead a better life. But it still
has to lift about 30 million people out of poverty, and provide proper
healthcare and other services for its fast rising aging population, which has
exceeded 200 million.

Yet some Western media outlets have made it a habit to either hype up the "China
threat" theory or the "China collapse" theory, because of their premeditated
notions and prejudiced views. Hopefully, the Western countries will wake up to
reality, and accept China for what it is: a dynamic but an emerging market
economy.

The author is a researcher at the Institute of World Economics and Politics,
Chinese Academy of Social Sciences. The views don't necessarily represent those
of China Daily.

(China Daily 06/14/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/45/156047343862.jpg

a41f726b05111e6d2c3a44.jpg


                              66 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 14, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Huawei once again shows goodwill

BYLINE: Zhang Zhouxiang

BODY:

ON TUESDAY, Huawei's US security chief Andy Purdy was interviewed by Fox
Business, during which he countered one false accusation after another that the
United States has made against Huawei. China Daily writer Zhang Zhouxiang
comments:

On the official website of Fox Business, the headline of the story is "Huawei US
security chief welcomes US government to investigate company".

However, anyone who watches the interview will find it contains much more
information than that. During the interview, Purdy pushed back against the false
accusations made against Huawei, such as it "steals" data or has "backdoors" in
its products.

The headline tells an essential truth, namely that Huawei holds an open and
friendly attitude toward the US government even though it has been unfairly
treated by the latter for more than half a year, but that is only part of the
story.

It should be noted that although Huawei is willing to undergo a government
investigation that does not mean one is justified. Exactly as the video of
Purdy's interview shows, the "security concerns" the US keeps raising about
Huawei are groundless.

On Monday, the day before Purdy's Fox interview, Huawei's Global Cyber Security
and Privacy Officer John Suffolk attended a hearing about the safety of the
United Kingdom's telecommunications infrastructure and said that "We stand naked
in front of the world".

Everybody knows where the pressure of the UK government about Huawei comes from.

Even under the groundless allegations of the US, Huawei has shown the utmost
restraint and a cooperative attitude. The reason is clear: It wishes to do
business in the US and Europe.

It is to be hoped that the US government will reciprocate Huawei's goodwill.

(China Daily 06/14/2019 page8)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/96/156047343901.jpg

a41f726b05111e6d2c0441.jpg


                              67 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 13, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Washington's Huawei claims specious

BYLINE: Zhang Zhouxiang

BODY:

MOBILE CONNECTIVITY SERVICE PROVIDERS in the United Kingdom have reportedly sent
a joint letter to UK Cabinet Secretary Mark Sedwill, asking the government for
an urgent meeting because they are concerned about the uncertainty over
government approval of Huawei's 5G technology and equipment. China Daily writer
Zhang Zhouxiang comments:

The companies said the uncertainty makes them unable to invest in their
infrastructure and the UK risks losing its leading position in mobile networks
worldwide.

Their worries are not unreasonable. Construction of 5G networks is one of the
hottest technological issues globally, and the later a country starts building
its 5G networks, the more it will lag behind in the global race. If the UK
government continues delaying making decisions about Huawei, the country's
enterprises might have to bear heavy losses.

And the reason for the delay is obvious: The United States has been putting
pressure on it. Everywhere he goes US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo has been
trying to persuade US allies and friends not to use Huawei because of "security
concerns", as if it was not the US that launched the Prism Project and spied on
its allies and friends alike.

Actually, the delay itself shows that the UK government has realized the
advantages of working with Huawei and other Chinese telecom companies. The UK is
caught in a dilemma. It usually follows the US lead without a murmur, but this
time, as its hesitating shows, its true interests lie in going against the US
instructions. This dilemma is exacerbated by the fact that it desperately hopes
for a favorable trade deal with the US after it exits the European Union.

In May, Huawei devices were used for the first 5G live-streaming in the UK. The
development once again proves that businesspeople have a sharper sense of smell
than politicians, and they know best where their interests are.

Latest updates show that a UK government spokesperson said it would announce its
review soon. Maybe the following data can help it in the decision-making
process: By June 6, Huawei had 46 commercial contracts for 5G networks in 30
countries worldwide, of which some are US allies.

Hopefully, the UK government will make the right choice, not for China or Huawei
, but for the 66 million people in the UK.

(China Daily 06/13/2019 page8)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/32/156038700642.jpg

00221917e13e1e6bd17b1d.jpg


                              68 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 13, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Huawei ban would harm UK's mobile leadership

BYLINE: Angus Mcneice in London

BODY:

United Kingdom mobile operators plan to warn the British government that a ban
on Chinese telecommunications company Huawei would jeopardize the UK's role as a
leader in mobile connectivity.

Several operators reportedly plan to send a letter to Cabinet Secretary Mark
Sedwill asking the government to urgently clarify whether it intends to allow
Huawei to bid for 5G contracts in Britain, according to the BBC.

The UK has been under pressure from the United States to boycott Huawei due to
alleged security concerns. UK mobile operators have historically used a
substantial amount of Huawei kits when updating network infrastructure.

In a draft of the letter, which was seen by the BBC, the operators expressed
frustration that they have had to delay investment decisions while the
government debates the Huawei question. The operators also reiterated that a
Huawei ban would delay 5G rollout in the UK by up to two years and damage
Britain's chances of becoming a world leader in future technologies.

A recent report commissioned by four of the nation's major mobile network
companies - EE, O2, Three and Vodafone - claimed that delayed rollout of 5G
technology could cost the UK economy between 4.5 billion pounds ($5.9 billion)
and 6.8 billion pounds.

The government has been conducting a supply chain review for several months and
was expected to reach a verdict on Huawei in late May, though no decision has
been made public.

"The Telecoms Supply Chain Review will be announced in due course," a government
spokesperson said in response to the BBC report. "We have been clear throughout
the process that all network operators will need to comply with the government's
decision. The security and resilience of the UK's telecoms network is of
paramount importance. We have robust procedures in place to manage risks to
national security and are committed to the highest possible security standards."

Last month, The Telegraph reported that the UK government had decided to allow
the use of Huawei kits, with various restrictions in place. The Telegraph
received the information via a leak from a top-level security meeting. Gavin
Williamson was fired from his position as UK defense secretary following an
investigation into the leak.

Legislators remain divided as to whether Huawei should be allowed to participate
in 5G development.

Some are satisfied that the UK National Cyber Security Council has found no
evidence to support the claim that Huawei is involved in acts of espionage.

Others are concerned that if the UK works with Huawei it will damage its
relationship with other members of the so-called Five Eyes intelligence sharing
community, which includes the US, Australia, New Zealand and Canada.

On Monday, Huawei cybersecurity chief John Suffolk answered questions from a
parliamentary select committee concerning the security of the company's
equipment.

He told the committee that Huawei had never been asked "to do anything untoward"
by the Chinese government.

"There are no laws in China that obligate us to work with the Chinese government
with anything whatsoever," Suffolk said.

"We stand naked in front of the world, but we would prefer to do that, because
it enables us to improve our products. We want people to find things, whether
they find one or one thousand, we don't care. We are not embarrassed by what
people find."

angus@mail.chinadailyuk.com

(China Daily 06/13/2019 page13)


                              69 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 13, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: AI offers breakthrough in cancer diagnosis

BYLINE: Qiu Quanlin in Guangzhou

BODY:

Huawei Cloud, a subsidiary of the Chinese technology giant Huawei Technologies,
and Kingmed Diagnostics, a Guangzhou-based medical diagnostic testing company,
have announced a technological breakthrough in the diagnosis of cervical cancer.

By leveraging AI technologies, they can diagnose the disease with a true
positive rate of over 99.9 percent, and a true negative rate of more than 99
percent, which is currently the highest level in the world, according to Kingmed
Diagnostics.

"It takes only 36 seconds to examine cervical smear cells, which would usually
need an average six minutes by cytopathologists," said Luo Pifu, director of the
Kingmed Diagnostics pathological department.

Cervical cancer remains one of the biggest threats to women, with about 100,000
new cases being reported each year in China, according to Luo.

"Early examination is key to treating cervical cancer," said Luo.

However, only 70 million women have been examined since China began a nationwide
examination program against cervical and breast cancers in 2009, according to
Liang Xiaoman, a Guangzhou-based cytologist.

Liang said China lags in the development of pathologists, especially in rural
areas.

"The lack of enough pathologists has become a major factor affecting the
nationwide examination of cervical cancer," said Liang.

The companies began collaborating in July, conducting research in the use of
artificial technology in assisting examinations, and was based on 43.5 million
cervical cell samples collected by Kingmed Diagnostics.

The breakthrough was also based on Huawei Cloud's Model-Arts, which provides
data processing, intelligent labeling, a readily packaged development
environment, automatic model generation and comprehensive AI development.

"The AI technology will help greatly increase efficiency of the diagnosis of
cervical cancer, benefiting the country's 350 million women," said Liang.

According to Pan Jie, director of Huawei Cloud Guangdong business section, the
AI technology may be expanded into areas of pathology such as breasts,
digestion, kidneys and blood.

"We are exploring more uses of the cutting-edge AI technology in medical areas,
aiming to provide more assistance to increase medical testing efficiency," said
Pan.

qiuquanlin@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/13/2019 page4)


                              70 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 13, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Project brightens up Philippine town

BYLINE: Prime Sarmiento in Hong Kong

BODY:

The northern Philippine town of Baliwet is less than 200 kilometers away from
Manila. Despite its relative proximity to the capital city, this remote town in
Zambales Province has no access to electricity - a fate it shares with many
other poor rural areas in the country.

Chinese-funded program to be finished this month provides electricity to 1,000
residents

The northern Philippine town of Baliwet is less than 200 kilometers away from
Manila. Despite its relative proximity to the capital city, this remote town in
Zambales Province has no access to electricity - a fate it shares with many
other poor rural areas in the country.

On Friday, Baliwet residents finally got the chance to have power delivered at
their homes, thanks to a solar project launched by the State Grid Corp of China
(SGCC), the Philippine National Electrification Administration and the Zambales
II Electric Cooperative.

The Brighten Up project aims to install a solar panel system with the capacity
to generate 76 kilowatts of energy, providing regular electricity supply to more
than 1,000 residents, including two schools with 108 students.

"It is a project that aims to provide electricity and communication services to
areas hard to reach," said Francis Chua, director of power grid operator
National Grid Corp of the Philippines.

The SGCC is a technical partner and has a 40 percent stake in National Grid.

Chua was one of the executives who witnessed the signing of an agreement that
launched the Brighten Up project in January. It was signed after Chinese
President Xi Jinping's state visit to the Philippines in November when he
pledged greater economic support for the Southeast Asian country.

Huawei Philippines also committed under the agreement to donate communications
equipment to provide the village with a telecom network.

The Brighten Up project is expected to be finished by the end of June.

Liu Ming, deputy chief representative of SGCC Philippine Office, said the
project costs more than $600,000 and uses solar micro-grid to provide
centralized power, according to a report by Xinhua News Agency.

2022 goal

Liu said SGCC will not only install but also operate and maintain the solar
panels. He added that it is the first charitable project independently launched
by a Chinese-funded enterprise in the Philippines.

Energy analysts said that projects like Brighten Up are one way for the
Philippines to attain its goal of universal access to electricity by 2022.

The Brighten Up project is a "good first step" for small towns like Baliwet to
get electricity, according to Gregg Adrian Ilag, energy analyst at Daiwa
Securities in Manila.

"This project will improve economic productivity and provide livelihood to the
local community," he told China Daily.

Ilag said that SGCC and other Chinese companies can also help the Philippines
develop its renewable energy sources as China has shown that it has the
technology to harness wind and solar energy.

According to the Philippine Department of Energy and the International Renewable
Energy Agency, the country's household electrification level stood at 89.6
percent as of 2016. This means that about 2.36 million households either has no
or limited access to electricity.

Harshavardhan Reddy Nagatham, senior analyst for the United Kingdom-based
business intelligence firm GlobalData, said that "on a micro-level, the
(Brighten Up) project has a huge social impact", even though the energy that it
will generate may be small compared with the country's total electrification
needs.

Nagatham is hoping that such projects will be replicated in other Philippines
villages, helping the energy department with its rural electrification program.

He said that distributed generation, which usually employs small-scale
technology and renewable energy sources, is one of the easiest and cheapest ways
to provide electricity to far-flung villages in the Philippines and other parts
of Asia.

"You can't build a tiny thermal power plant but one wind turbine is enough to
power a small village," he added.

prime@chinadailyapac.com

(China Daily 06/13/2019 page10)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/100/156038703974.jpg

00221917e13e1e6bd1f521.jpg


                              71 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            June 12, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Pompeo's scare-mongering falls flat

BYLINE: Zhang Zhouxiang

BODY:

AT A NEWS CONFERENCE on Sunday, Geng Shuang, a spokesperson for the Ministry of
Foreign Affairs, criticized US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo for making false
claims about Chinese telecommunications enterprise Huawei. China Daily writer
Zhang Zhouxiang comments:

One remark by Geng in particular created a buzz online. He said that Huawei had
obtained 46 commercial contracts for 5G networks in 30 countries worldwide by
June 6, and some of the countries are allies of the United States, despite
Pompeo working hard to persuade them not to use Huawei products.

Anybody with a normal mind will find it hard to understand why the world's only
superpower is so afraid of a private enterprise from China that it is intent on
persuading its allies to cut all business ties with the company.

Business is business, and in business there should only be commercial factors to
consider. When any country, be it in Europe or anywhere else in this world,
needs 5G services, all it wants are good products, good services and good
prices.

Huawei offers all these. According to a report by IPlytics, a patent big data
company based in Berlin, four Chinese companies own 36 percent of the world's
patents necessary for 5G standards; Huawei alone has 1,554 of them. If European
countries blindly exclude Huawei from their purchasing lists as the US requires,
they would have to spend an extra 428.7 billion yuan ($61.9 billion) building
their 5G networks.

Therefore, it is natural for European countries to choose Chinese companies for
the construction of their 5G networks. Actually, Huawei is popular among US
companies and US consumers, too. Just as Nicholas Negroponte, founder of MIT
Media Lab, said in an open letter in May, by banning Huawei, US authorities will
force US consumers to choose not-so-good services with higher prices.

Especially, many small telecom companies use Huawei devices in their 5G
networks, and if Huawei is banned, they might not be able to benefit from the
new technology. US farmers need 5G networks to analyze data of their crops,
while US small businesses need them to analyze and decide their purchasing
lists.

It is time the US authorities reconsidered their choice: Will they choose being
connected, or being out of date simply because of their prejudice against a
Chinese company?

(China Daily 06/12/2019 page8)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/6/156030060578.jpg

00221917e13e1e6a83e921.jpg


                              72 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            June 12, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Cooperation, not conflict, best choice in cyberspace

BODY:

Most of the cyberattacks targeting Chinese computers and networks in 2018
originated in the United States, according to China's National Computer Network
Emergency Response Technical Team.

The nongovernmental agency of network security, in its recent annual report,
points to a sharp increase in attacks involving Trojans and botnets - a mass of
computers that have been taken over by malware - but stops short of identifying
any specific wrongdoers.

Which comes as no surprise, because it has always been difficult, usually
impossible, to verify who should be held responsible for malicious cyber
activities. And any hasty attribution of responsibility could lead to
miscalculation.

It has been China's consistent stance to fight cybercrimes jointly with other
countries including the US. As two major cyber countries, China and the US have
already agreed that neither government will support or conduct cyber theft of
intellectual property. During his visit to the US in 2015, President Xi Jinping
reiterated that China strongly opposes the theft of commercial secrets and other
kinds of hacking attacks.

Yet despite this agreement, the cyber cooperation between the two countries has
not been smooth, mainly because some in the US have wantonly pointed an accusing
finger at China whenever they sound a cyber security threat alarm.

The situation has become even worse after Washington ramped up its attacks on
Huawei and its global expansion into next-generation 5G networks, accusing the
Chinese telecommunications giant of digital spying for the Chinese government.

US critics of what they claim is Chinese cyber espionage are hypocritical, given
the extent of US government snooping under the excuse of counterterrorism, as
revealed by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden. And the
latest findings by CNCERT suggest there is still much the US can do to clean up
its own cyber backyard before it judges others.

Ridiculous as they are, accusations against China, together with sanctions on
Chinese high-tech companies, have eroded trust in cyberspace cooperation and
threatened to push bilateral relations, already strained due to the trade
dispute, deeper on a downward spiral.

Such a trend also threatens to harm the international digital economy, and may
even lead to internet fragmentation - bordered cyberspace that goes against its
very nature.

China and the US differ markedly on many issues related to cyberspace, ranging
from how it should be managed to cyber sovereignty. But that should not prevent
them from joining hands to shape cyberspace and its use in a way that serves
their best interests as well as global stability.

Dialogue and consultation, rather than confrontation, are the right choice for
both sides.

(China Daily 06/12/2019 page8)


                              73 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            June 12, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: It's time China became self-reliant in chips

BYLINE: Liu Jianna

BODY:

Editor's Note: The United States' ban on Chinese telecommunications equipment
maker ZTE last year and global 5G leader Huawei in May this year have exposed
Chinese enterprises' dependency on US high-tech exports, especially chips which
are used in nearly all digital products. How can China develop its chip industry
and become self-sufficient in the sector? Three experts share their views on the
issue with China Daily's Liu Jianna. Excerpts follow:

China can become self-sufficient in chips

Qu Xianming, former deputy head of China Academy of Machinery Science and
Technology Group Co., Ltd

There is a wide gap between the Chinese mainland and developed economies such as
the US, the Republic of Korea and Taiwan in terms of the chip industry. However,
the mainland has taken big strides in charting its own course, which is evident
in its chip industry's growth from 54.5 billion yuan ($7.9 billion) in 2004 to
653.2 billion yuan in 2018, and the recent development of 3 nanometer
transistors, a technical benchmark of the industry, by a research team of
Chinese Academy of Sciences.

Still, China lags behind in the processing and manufacturing of chips, as well
as chip design and packaging. Hence, China should take more targeted measures to
develop its chip industry.

China can meet 85 percent of its domestic demand if the chip industry fully
applies the 14-nanometer transistor technology. In fact, this could become a
reality in three to four years. To be on the safer side, China can certainly
become self-sufficient in chips by 2025.

Faced with the US' technology blockade, China should make a determined effort to
perform a new miracle in its chip industry, similar to developing atomic and
hydrogen bombs and man-made satellite in the 1960s and 1970s. To achieve that,
however, the government should offer incentives to State-owned as well as
privately owned enterprises to manufacture high-quality chips. The recent
measure of exempting integrated circuit-making enterprises from paying corporate
income tax for two years is a good move in this direction.

Turning a crisis into opportunity

Mei Xinyu, a researcher at the International Trade and Economic Cooperation
Institute of the Ministry of Commerce

In the lead-up to the US' ban on ZTE and Huawei neither suppliers nor buyers of
chips thought that a US-created twister would devastate the chip market, because
the chip industry was one of the best examples of marketization and
globalization. Apart from impeding China's technological ascent in the global
supply chain, the US' wayward moves will also cause serious damage to American
chip makers, as proven by the stock slump of US chip giants Intel and Qualcomm
following the bans on ZTE and Huawei.

Yet there is a silver lining for China, because the US' trade war and technology
blockade will help remove the domestic objections and impediments to the
development of the chip industry. The story of China's liquid crystal display
(LCD) industry could be repeated in the chip industry this time: China has made
concerted efforts and secured more than 60 percent of the LCD market after
global LCD companies cut supplies to China about a decade ago. Hopefully, China
will succeed in turning the chip crisis into a rare opportunity and develop its
chip industry despite severe economic challenges.

Talents key to success of the chip industry

Chen Fengying, a senior researcher in world economy at the China Institutes of
Contemporary International Relations

Statistics show China accounted for more than 50 percent of the global demand
for chips last year, importing about 90 percent of those chips at the cost of
more than $300 billion, which was more than what it paid for its oil imports. As
for chips made by domestic companies, they met only about 8 percent of China's
demand. Given the importance of chips in the digital era and their role in
next-generation technologies such as 5G, immediate actions should be taken to
safeguard China's chip security.

Nevertheless, there should not be a mad rush across the country to develop
chips, especially because the global chip industry is highly monopolized and
huge investments are needed for a company to succeed in the chip-making sector.

China has about 1,700 semiconductor enterprises, which should be encouraged to
pool their resources and technologies and consolidate their business operations
through mergers and acquisitions so they can achieve breakthroughs in core
technologies.

Besides, China should offer more incentives and build a friendlier environment
to attract talents from across the world to its chip industry. It is indeed
alarming that China is projected to face a shortage of 300,000 professionals in
the chip industry by 2020. As Ren Zhengfei, founder and CEO of Huawei, said: "We
have adopted a money-pumping approach in the past to develop the electronic
industry. However, it takes more than money to develop chips. We should try our
best to win over mathematicians and physicists."

The views don't necessarily represent those of China Daily.

(China Daily 06/12/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/84/156030060597.jpg

00221917e13e1e6a842923.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/25/156030060622.jpg

00221917e13e1e6a842d24.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/4/156030060641.jpg

00221917e13e1e6a843225.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/6/156030060687.jpg

00221917e13e1e6a842322.jpg


                              74 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            June 12, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Huawei looks to bolster electronics ecosystem

BYLINE: He Wei in Shanghai

BODY:

Huawei Technologies is currently in great shape as the world's second-largest
cellphone maker and stands poised to build up an ecosystem of consumer
electronics backed by artificial intelligence, a company executive said on
Tuesday.

Speaking at the Consumer Electronics Show Asia in Shanghai, Shao Yang, chief
strategy officer of Huawei Consumer Business Group, detailed the company's
all-in AI strategy, which experts believe is set to bring sweeping changes to
the global personal electronics sector.

"Huawei is not at the most dangerous moment, but in its best condition," Shao
told attendees during the three-day event which wraps up on Thursday.
"Optimistic and confident, we are committed to building a better world that is
fully interconnected."

Shao envisions a major upgrade in the mobile phone sector this year as "the
industry has experienced cyclical shake-ups every 12 years since 1983, when
Motorola commercialized the first functioning cellular mobile phone".

He expects the domestically produced HiAI - a mobile terminal-oriented
artificial intelligence computing platform - to be the central plank powering
intelligent platforms in communications, transportation, work and entertainment.

In this case, smartphones serve as a hub connecting other intelligent terminals,
from wearable devices to internet-connected vehicles, in order to perform a
variety of daily tasks.

"Users will be able to use voice commands to give cars instructions like making
an online purchase, which would previously only be achieved through manual
inputs. Bigger TV displays will also be put to full use, as photos and files
stored on phones are synchronized," he said.

Shao also said Huawei's self-developed internet of things solutions and service
distribution platforms will encourage industry players to embrace the smart and
interconnectivity technologies.

Huawei, based in Shenzhen, Guangdong province, was the second-biggest smartphone
vendor in the first quarter of 2019, behind South Korea's Samsung Electronics,
according to research and advisory firm Gartner.

Leading Chinese companies like Huawei are "global trendsetters" in the smart
connectivity arena due to the country's wealth of internet application
scenarios, manufacturing prowess, profound supply chains and a large population
eager to embrace technological leaps, said James Yan, research director at
Counterpoint Technology Market Research.

"There's definitely a need for a centralized, customizable way to interact with
ubiquitous consumer electronic devices. Putting phones in the driver's seat will
play to the strengths of Huawei and other Chinese phone makers as they already
have a first-mover advantage worldwide," Yan said.

Such a development is set to lead and even reshuffle the global supply chain, he
added.

For a modern smart life, the leading device for most consumers is really the
mobile phone, said Marco Hecker, a partner at Deloitte China.

Hecker cited a recent survey by Deloitte that said the Chinese are among the
world's most avid fans of connectivity features when they purchase vehicles.
"Whether I own the car, go into an autonomous (driving) car or jump into
ride-hailing, I want to have my integration. So the only constant (thing) with
me is my mobile phone. And the trend is going to continue," he said.

hewei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/12/2019 page1)


                              75 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 11, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Friendly foreign firms not targeted by 'list'

BYLINE: Zhang Monan

BODY:

The Chinese government is preparing an "Unreliable Entities List" to counter the
unilateral and trade protectionist moves of the United States and safeguard
China's economic security, which is an integral part of its national security.
China's blacklist, however, will be vastly different from the gratuitous Entity
List issued by the US Department of Commerce's Bureau of Industry and Security.

To a large extent, the Unreliable Entities List reflects China's stance against
US protectionism, that is, China will never compromise its key interests and,
instead, take appropriate countermeasures to protect them.

The Unreliable Entities List can also be seen as a warning to Chinese
enterprises to avoid risks and refrain from cooperating with the blacklisted
enterprises, in order to safeguard their own security. Besides, China is
determined to take countermeasures against those enterprises which have adopted
the same stance as the US administration regardless of all business ethics and
support the US' China-containment strategy.

Yet it should be noted that Chinese telecommunications equipment maker Huawei
and 68 enterprises connected to it that figure on the US Entity List have a
rather extensive network of partners, and not all their partners and
international organizations will bow to US dictates. For those parties that have
made a distinct choice out of respect for fair play and justice, China should
forge close and firm ties with them.

In the long run, what China should focus on is to build a solid and more
extensive network of friends. And while building such a network, it should use
the Unreliable Entities List with caution, so as to minimize the scale of
possible counterstrikes. It should also act with restraint so it can win more
support from the international community for the measures it takes against some
economies' unilateral and protectionist moves.

More important, since the US intends to segregate and isolate China with its
Entity List, China should do its utmost to avoid falling into the US trap.

In the most ideal scenario, the Unreliable Entities List should be best left
unused and, instead, made to hang like the sword of Damocles over the entities
which violate global business rules or harm China's key interests. This will
help China to win a war without firing a shot.

The US has not provided any evidence for putting global 5G technology leader
Huawei on the Entity List, which is increasingly obscure and generalized and
therefore a presumption of guilt. It has not accorded any chance to Huawei to
defend itself either. Which means the US is hell-bent on targeting one
particular company. So adopting a laissez-faire attitude toward the US' move to
sanction and cut the supplies to Huawei will have the worst possible impact on
the global supply chain.

China's Unreliable Entities List is designed to respond to attacks, and its aim
is to safeguard the stability of the supply and industry chains by neutralizing
US actions that are causing harm to not only China's trade but also the global
business environment. The Unreliable Entities List, therefore, is fundamentally
different from the US' Entity List which focuses on constraining the exports of
key technologies and products by abusing its market monopoly power.

As the White House's China policy is undergoing fundamental changes, with the US
taking desperate measures to contain China, the competitive cooperation between
the two sides over the past decades is fast turning into a confrontation.

As a matter of fact, the US has accelerated the construction of a strategic
system to contain China's development. Worse, the Republicans as well as
Democrats, the US Congress, and even some enterprises and think tanks are
adopting a more aggressive stance toward China.

Facing such a situation, China should further open up its economy to the outside
world to win more international support against the US' Entity List, so that the
economic interests of not only China but also the rest of the world can be
protected.

The author is deputy director of and a research fellow at the Institute of
European and American Studies, China Center for International Economic
Exchanges. The views don't necessarily reflect those of China Daily.

(China Daily 06/11/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/75/156021422174.jpg

00221917e13e1e6937af1f.jpg


                              76 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 11, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Xi and Putin build achievable future

BYLINE: Martin Sieff

BODY:

It is fascinating to contrast the serious, systematic and methodical deepening
of ties between Moscow and Beijing achieved this past week between President Xi
Jinping and Russian President Vladimir Putin in St. Petersburg with the
sentimental and infantile posturing of Western leaders at their latest D-Day
anniversary commemoration in Normandy, France.

The Western leaders desperately tried to ignore and paper over the ongoing
disintegration of the European Union, with voters rejecting the arrogance of
unrestrained free trade, open borders and liberal internationalism in the United
Kingdom, Italy, Hungary and France while the province of Catalonia threatens to
secede from Spain.

By contrast, Xi and Putin looked not to a romantic fantasy of the far past, but
to building a solid, achievable future. They strengthened their already profound
strategic friendship and cooperation - ludicrously ignored by the Western media
and bizarrely denied even by most US and UK strategic "experts" who should know
better.

Moving trade ties out of the dollar

The two leaders have also made solid progress toward moving their strong and
rapidly growing trade relations out of the dollar.

Even the global environment appears to bless the prospect of deeper Sino-Russian
economic cooperation. Climate change is already making it far easier for the two
countries to develop mutual beneficial infrastructure links across Siberia and
Eurasia.

US President Donald Trump's self-destructive new tariffs on $200 billion of
Chinese goods will backfire disastrously. The loss of those Chinese exports will
dramatically boost US inflation. It will also accelerate bilateral trade between
Russia and China, already running at an impressive $100 billion a year.

Also, Trump's new tariffs will further encourage Chinese companies to heavily
invest in Russia, especially in its energy and communications sectors as their
backdoor into European markets.

US trade and financial policies are now more unpredictable and disruptive than
they have been since the Great Depression. The EU is becoming unstable and
unpredictable too because of political instability and the populist backlash
generated by unlimited immigration.

Sino-Russian partnership not a threat to others

Xi and Putin have made clear the Sino-Russian partnership is not about
threatening other countries either militarily or economically. Still, there are
other, immense strategic and financial implications to what they are doing.

Sino-Russian cooperation is being accelerated by increasingly dangerous and
reckless policies from the US toward both countries - and toward other countries
and issues including Venezuela, Iran, Syria and the global oil markets.

It would be easy but misleading to blame all these problems on the current US
president. In truth, they were already developing alarmingly under the previous
administration.

Xi and Putin are now trying to contain the damage, maintain stability and
improve the economic growth prospects of their countries, which have been
simultaneously targeted by US sanctions and trade war.

US policies threatening global economic order

Far from championing and upholding the economic order and preserving
international peace, the policies flowing from Washington increasingly threaten
Beijing and Moscow. Xi and Putin have therefore been forced to expand
cooperation, in order to insulate their own economies and peoples from the
consequences.

But Russian-Chinese partnership will not necessarily divide the world into two
opposing blocs of "East" and "West". For Western European countries want to
maintain good diplomatic and economic relations with China. They certainly do
not want to kowtow to Washington in its insistence that they all scrap high-tech
cooperation with major Chinese enterprises, especially Huawei with its
unrivalled 5G resources and expertise.

Therefore, Western European countries, led by Italy and Germany are already
starting to defy Washington's demand that they toe the line on such
controversies. The UK, for long the US' most loyal "enforcer" in Europe, is now
literally disintegrating from the self-inflicted bizarre escapade of Brexit. A
restive Scotland and increasingly self-assertive Ireland will be only too
willing to embrace increasing Chinese investments as the UK disintegrates.

There is nothing sudden or new about the emerging China-Russia partnership. It
has been developing over the past two decades.

Deepening friendship is not a secret

The friendship and global policy partnership between Xi and Putin, too, have
been no secret and would astonish only the willfully blind. Both leaders have
preferred to expand trade ties and other cooperation slowly and realistically
rather than make the kind of sweeping claims and blustering boasts that
successive US administrations have been so fond of making since the end of the
Cold War.

The draft of bilateral commercial agreements that the presidents of China and
Russia signed will propel Eurasian and global development over the coming
decade. The meetings in St. Petersburg were therefore a triumph of constructive
realism and bode well for the future security and prosperity of Eurasia.

The same can certainly not be said about the empty posturing of the Western
allies at the D-Day anniversary - shamefully freezing out Russia and China which
suffered so much more in World War II than any of them. The West indulged in
empty and even facial displays of moral superiority backed by no solid
achievements for their own peoples whatsoever. Xi and Putin eschewed worthless
rhetoric and let their solid achievements speak for them. The contrast was
clear.

The author is a senior fellow at the American University in Moscow. The views
don't necessarily represent those of China Daily.

(China Daily 06/11/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/62/156021422250.jpg

00221917e13e1e69379f1e.jpg


                              77 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 11, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Huawei's operating system in pipeline

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Huawei Technologies Co seems to be moving very fast to prepare for the launch of
its self-developed operating system, as the Chinese tech giant has reportedly
shipped 1 million smartphones with the software onboard for testing.

The move is part of Huawei's broader effort to offset the fallout of the US
administration's ban on the world's second-largest smartphone vendor and the
world's largest telecom equipment maker.

The agency-only institutional brokerage firm Rosenblatt Securities said in a
smartphone supply chain report that Huawei has allegedly shipped 1 million
smartphones with its self-developed "HongMeng" operating system onboard for
testing.

According to the report, Huawei's in-house software is said to be compatible
with all Android applications and has "increased security functions to protect
personal data".

China Daily quoted Yu Chengdong, CEO of Huawei's consumer business group, as
saying in an earlier report that the company's own operating system will be
available "as early as this fall or next spring at the latest".

The operating system will support mobile phones, computers, tablets,
televisions, cars and smart wearable devices, Yu said in a WeChat group
involving some internet experts.

The comments came after Google said it would partially cut off Huawei devices
from its Android operating system to comply with the US restrictions on Huawei.
But later, the US government said on May 20 that it could delay its ban, which
gave Huawei's existing devices access to Android for 90 days.

To prepare for a backup plan to deal with a worst-case scenario, Huawei has been
working hard to develop its own operating system for a long time. As part of the
latest developments, Huawei Central, a website focusing on Huawei-related news,
reported that Huawei has filed "HongMeng" trademark applications with almost
every possible intellectual property organizations around the globe.

The registration application for "HongMeng" has been filed in countries and
regions including Canada, Mexico, South Korea, Australia and Europe, Huawei
Central reported.

Huawei did not respond to the requests for comments on the story.

Meanwhile, Google was also reported to have warned the US administration that it
risks compromising US national security if it goes ahead with export
restrictions on Huawei, and has asked to be exempted from any ban.

The Financial Times reported that Google has expressed its concerns that the
restrictions would prompt Huawei to develop its own version of the operating
system, or a hybrid Android, which will be more susceptible to being hacked.

Xiang Ligang, director-general of the Information Consumption Alliance, said
Google's argument is motivated by concerns that Huawei's self-developed
operating system will reduce Android's dominance in the global smartphone
market.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/11/2019 page13)


                              78 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 10, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Hard to get global economy on track unless US abandons unruly behavior

BYLINE: Xin Zhiming

BODY:

THE G20 FINANCIAL MINISTERS met on the weekend in Japan to discuss ways to bring
the global economy back on track. China Daily writer Xin Zhiming comments:

The discussions highlighted global concerns about the damage the China-US trade
war is inflicting on the global economy.

The G20 mechanism was established in 1999 to ensure the major economies of the
world can come together and cooperate so as to cope with global challenges. And
during their discussions on the weekend, the G20 central bank governors and
other financial regulators sought to forge a consensus on some important issues
to be endorsed by national leaders who are scheduled to meet at the G20 Summit
in Osaka later this month.

As the world economy is facing new uncertainties arising from the dispute
between China and the United States over trade and other issues, the G20
platform should play a more constructive role in helping resolve those issues.

Above all, the US, which has initiated the frictions with China by unilaterally
imposing and raising tariffs on Chinese goods and blocking the use of products
by Chinese tech company Huawei in the US, should reflect on its protectionist
stance.

Abetted by the country's superpower status and strength, the US government has
sought to bypass existing international mechanisms, such as the World Trade
Organization, and ignore global economic rules to force its trade partners to
cater to its demands. Such bullying behavior is sabotaging the current global
governance order.

Admittedly, there is the necessity to reform the global governance system, but
it should not be reformed solely based on the will of any one country.
Equal-footed consultation and consensus-based cooperation must be the
prerequisite for the reform.

The stalled negotiations between China and the US have created new uncertainties
for global trade. And the international community is earnestly expecting that
there can be a final resolution to the trade war between the world's top two
economic powers as soon as possible.

But without the US abandoning its arrogant, unilateral behavior and respecting
China's core interests, it will be difficult for any breakthrough to come, at
least in the short term.

Because of this, it is almost impossible for the world's major players to sit
down and work out practical changes to the global trade rules that are
acceptable to all.

(China Daily 06/10/2019 page8)


                              79 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 10, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Mounting uncertainty for Chinese investors

BYLINE: Zhao Huanxin in Washington

BODY:

A new US law that tightens scrutiny of foreign investment has created a "much
more hostile environment" for Chinese investors, and its definition of what is
sensitive has increased uncertainties, two former senior officials said on
Thursday at the launch of a report on China's outbound capital flows.

Driven by regulatory changes, Chinese foreign direct investment flows into North
America and Europe dropped by $80 billion last year to $30 billion - a six-year
low, with the US experiencing most of the downturn, according to law firm Baker
McKenzie's latest report, Chinese FDI: A New Reality.

Passed by Congress and signed by US President Donald Trump in 2018, the Foreign
Investment Risk Review Modernization Act greatly expanded the scope of
investment reviews by the Committee on Foreign Investment, or CFIUS, in the
United States. The interagency committee covers a wider range of transactions
involving potentially sensitive sectors.

"New US investment screening rules are making life more difficult for Chinese
investors," Rod Hunter, former senior director for International Economics of US
National Security Council, said in the Baker McKenzie report.

Meanwhile, hardening relations between the two powers are weighing on investor
sentiment.

Speaking at a panel discussion at the Atlantic Council in Washington on
Thursday, Hunter, now a Baker McKenzie partner, said the part of the US policy
played in driving the change in China's Foreign Direct Investment, or FDI, in
the US was very important.

In addition to the Risk Review law, new export control reform legislation now
requires the Commerce Department to determine what is an "emerging technology"
and decide whether licensing to Chinese organizations is allowed.

"People focused on Huawei, but there was also an executive order, which creates
the possibility for the administration to block US persons to use of Chinese
technology in their own systems," he said.

"So what we're seeing is a much more hostile environment for not just Chinese
investment, but also technological cooperation and transfers," Hunter said.

Deterring investment

Kurt Campbell, former assistant secretary of state for East Asian and Pacific
Affairs, said, "I believe what's happening is that the definition of what is
sensitive is broadening, broadening in ways that make it difficult for investors
to predict." Campbell is now chairman and CEO of The Asia Group.

It not only involves necessarily Chinese businesses, but also other investments,
Campbell said.

Campbell said the much more stringent approach will deter investment.

"You have agencies inside the US government playing their traditional roles,
suspicious of everything, others much more freewheeling. I think over time, the
tendency is to err on the side of caution or to reject," he said.

If companies have to wait for long and will be subject to the public scrutiny
that increasingly comes with serious delineation, "a lot of times those
companies, those investment committees are going to say no", Campbell said.

huanxinzhao@chinadailyusa.com

(China Daily 06/10/2019 page12)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/80/156012785059.jpg

00221917e13e1e67e83f2e.jpg


                              80 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 10, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: What happens to the UK after May's exit?

BYLINE: Julian Shea in London

BODY:

As departures go, Theresa May's exit as Conservative Party leader on Friday was
a painful one. US President Donald Trump's state visit in her last week meant
May was a bit player in her own final scene.

The new prime minister still faces a difficult political balancing act

As departures go, Theresa May's exit as Conservative Party leader on Friday was
a painful one. US President Donald Trump's state visit in her last week meant
May was a bit player in her own final scene.

The invitation to Trump was issued in January 2017, which feels like a lifetime
ago. The headlines then anointed May as new Iron Lady, taking the Brexit fight
to Brussels and likely winning.

Instead, she left having made no progress whatsoever on the Brexit issue
internationally, nationally or even within her own Conservative Party, which is
now in the grip of a Brexit fever.

May's last day as Conservative leader dawned with the news that the Brexit
Party, had pushed the Conservatives into third place in a by-election the
previous night. That sums up how the political debate has been steered on May's
watch - and hints where it might continue under her successor.

From the current field of 11 candidates, the parliamentary Conservative Party
will choose two, who will then go forward to a vote by grassroots members.

Almost all the contenders are strong Brexit enthusiasts, and with the Brexit
Party an ever more confident squatter on the Conservatives' political patch, it
might be that the only way to win back votes is to take on the usurper at its
own game, and to adopt the same direct approach.

With Brexit having been delayed twice on May's watch, her successor is currently
scheduled to oversee the exit on Oct 31. Amid warnings that a third delay could
kill Brexit, or even the Conservative Party, altogether, few of the contenders
would contemplate another postponement, deal or no deal.

The Brexit referendum brought May to power when it unseated predecessor David
Cameron. The Brexit impasse pushed her from the throne and, before her successor
is even known, the Brexit Party has a hand on the Conservative steering wheel.

It is impossible to predict accurately what will happen next to the Conservative
Party, or under whose stewardship, but a further drift to the right toward the
US sphere of influence, looks likely. So how will this affect Sino-British
relations?

May and Cameron both worked to strengthen bonds between the China and the UK.
James Sassoon, chairman of the Sino-British trade association, told China Daily
that maintaining these ties would be a priority for the new leader.

"As the UK's third-largest trading partner, China will continue to be very
important for the UK's next prime minister," he said.

"The China Britain Business Council and our members are focused on promoting the
opportunities, telling the story of growth and continuing our long and
successful trade relationship with China. China remains a key focus for British
business and any UK leader will understand the opportunities arising from
policies such as the Belt and Road Initiative, and the Greater Bay Area."

For centuries, he added, Britain had been the most open global economy and it
was in the interests of Britain and China for this to remain the case. "Close
ties benefit both countries - they strengthen the case for economic reform in
China while promoting British expertise, creativity and brands," he said, citing
the large number of Chinese students in the UK as proof of the healthy
relationship.

Christopher Bovis, professor of international business law at the University of
Hull, agreed that the longevity of Sino-British ties would help them weather any
political storms, such as the row over the involvement of Huawei in British
telecommunications networks, but warned against sudden changes of policy
direction.

"The US administration is negatively predisposed toward Huawei resulting in a
number of high-profile incidents, ... which aim to make it difficult or
impossible for the company to progress with its plans to roll out 5G packages
for telecommunications," he said.

"A new UK government and prime minister should not let this affect the very
successful and progressive Sino-UK relations, particularly in the outward
investment front.

"Relations between the UK and China are deeply rooted for many decades and
reflect a model which has unparalleled application with other international
partners and countries, especially in the European Union and the European
continent.

"However (Chinese investment) is rather risk-adverse. It is based on the
assumption of long-term sustainable returns which also have multiple
dimensions."

Wang Mingjie and Wang Rui in London contributed to this story.

julian@mail.chinadailyuk.com

(China Daily 06/10/2019 page10)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/67/156012785247.jpg

00221917e13e1e67e6bf24.jpg


                              81 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 10, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Trials underway for saltwater rice strains

BYLINE: Wang Xiaoyu

BODY:

China has planted about 300 new strains of saltwater-tolerant rice on 670
hectares of experimental alkali fields in search of resilient, high-yield
varieties that can grow on previously unproductive land.

Qualified varieties will then be promoted for commercial cultivation nationwide,
covering about one-fifth of the 100 million hectares of saltwater soil that is
believed to have potential for rice cultivation in the country, according to the
Saline-Alkali Tolerant Rice Research and Development Center in Qingdao, Shandong
province.

Facing the dual pressures of shrinking productive arable acreage and dwindling
irrigation capacity, research into saltwater-resistant rice can help safeguard
food security in China, said Zhang Guodong, deputy director of the center.

This year, the center plans to submit the first group of seven marketable rice
strains to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs for evaluation, Zhang
said. If certificates are obtained, the strains will be promoted for large-scale
cultivation nationwide.

Areas for trial planting, which are expected to exceed 1,300 hectares by year's
end, include five types of land with heavy salt content. They are located in
Heilongjiang, Shandong and Shaanxi provinces and in the Xinjiang Uygur
autonomous region, he said.

Preliminary tests with different strains have already demonstrated stark
contrasts in average yields, Zhang said. For instance, crops planted in test
fields in Qingdao are capable of yielding about 10 metric tons per hectare in
one harvest year, compared with 3.1 tons per hectare in stretches of
salty-alkaline land in Daqing, Heilongjiang province.

"Several factors have led to lower yields, such as the impact of natural
disasters. Also, some varieties are simply incompatible with the local
environment," he said.

One barometer for determining if a new strain of rice has the potential for mass
cultivation is its average output, which needs to be about 4.5 tons per hectare,
Zhang said.

"We will further improve our plant breeding and protection methods while
strengthening precautions against inclement weather and natural disasters," he
said.

"Eventually, we aim to sort out high-yield varieties with stress resiliency
designed for salty-alkaline land," he added.

The vast swaths of test fields will also provide insights into how to utilize
new technology to boost productivity while cutting down on the use of water,
fertilizers and pesticides, said Liu Lin, chief engineer at the center.

"Most salty-alkaline land is in less-densely populated regions. A shortage of
labor, coupled with remote distances from abundant freshwater, prompted us to
develop intelligent tools and automated machinery to increase efficiency."

In November, the center, in collaboration with telecom giant Huawei, launched a
platform that uses big data, the internet of things and cloud computing to offer
smart monitoring of salt content in the soil.

The system is also able to collect comprehensive data on changes in the
environment and early signs of disease outbreaks or pest infestations, and
transfer such information to agricultural experts for analysis and
decision-making.

Dubbed the nervous system of smart agriculture, the system has been installed on
experimental farmland in Shandong and will soon be rolled out across all test
fields, Liu said.

Efforts to transform barren salty land into fertile rice paddies have been going
on for at least three decades in China.

In recent years, dozens of research institutes, including the Hunan Hybrid Rice
Research Center and the Jiangsu Academy of Agricultural Sciences, have joined
the mission. Together, they formed a cooperative alliance dedicated to
establishing standards applicable to seawater-tolerant varieties.

Zhang said the center is planning to establish international research and
promotion centers in Africa and the Middle East in the near future. A handful of
countries, including Ghana, Nigeria and Pakistan, have expressed interest in
deeper cooperation with Chinese agricultural researchers in rice cultivation.

wangxiaoyu@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/10/2019 page1)


                              82 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 10, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Restrictions on Chinese firms could drive up 5G cost

BYLINE: Chen Weihua in Brussels

BODY:

Europe would have to pay an extra 55 billion euros ($62 billion) for 5G networks
and suffer an 18-month technology delay if it bans telecom equipment purchases
from top Chinese manufacturers, according to an industrial report.

The report by the GSM Association, which represents 750 mobile operators
worldwide, said Ericsson, Nokia and Samsung, the non-Chinese contenders in the
5G market, do not have the capacity to handle all of the shift from 3G and 4G
networks to 5G in Europe while honoring contracts already signed in North
America and Asia.

Huawei and ZTE account for about 40 percent of the EU market, and Huawei is
"currently a pioneer in 5G technology", according to the GSM analysis, first
reported by Reuters and Agence France-Presse on Friday.

"A ban on Chinese vendors would severely lessen competition in the mobile
equipment market, increasing prices and driving additional 5G rollout costs,"
the report said. It predicted that a ban would "result in slower rollout of 5G
networks in Europe and reduced takeup, which would further increase the
productivity gap between the EU and the US".

US President Donald Trump signed an executive order on May 15 to ban the
technology and services of "foreign adversaries" deemed to pose national
security risks. The US Commerce Department consequently added Huawei and 70
affiliates to its Entity List, banning Huawei from buying parts and technology
from US firms without government approval. The US later granted a 90-day
reprieve of the ban.

Last week, Trump and Secretary of State Mike Pompeo continued to pressure EU
leaders to follow suit or face consequences, such as by Washington halting US
intelligence sharing.

Many in Europe have concluded that the US placed the ban on Huawei in order to
curtail China's rise and maintain US technology dominance.

Germany, France and the United Kingdom have so far rejected a total ban of
Huawei. German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said companies that meet established
safety criteria could take part in tenders for building Germany's 5G network.

The BDI, the federation of German industries, said "Europe needs to maintain its
own course" and the EU would decide independently which companies it would allow
to build 5G network infrastructure.

Shada Islam, director of Europe and geopolitics at Friends of Europe, a think
tank in Brussels, said the EU hasn't taken sides on Huawei. "We have our own
interests and our own concerns, and we are voicing them with increasing
self-confidence on global stage," she said.

Abraham Liu, Huawei's chief representative to EU institutions, recently said in
Brussels that Huawei's 5G solution is the best on the market and to a large
extent a European product. "It is tailor-made for Europe's needs," he said.
Huawei has been operating in Europe for almost 20 years and has 12,000 employees
there, 70 percent hired locally.

"Huawei is becoming the victim of bullying by the US administration. This is not
just an attack against Huawei. It is an attack on the liberal, rules-based
order. This is dangerous," he said, as quoted by Parliament Magazine.

chenweihua@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/10/2019 page3)


                              83 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 10, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: On chinadaily.com.cn

BODY:

Forum: CGTN host to take on Fox again

Chinese State media host Liu Xin said she would propose a date this week for
Round 2 of her highly anticipated US-China trade war live debate with Fox
Business anchor Trish Regan. It will be the second time that the two television
hosts will meet on air. On May 30, Liu engaged in a live discussion at Regan's
invitation on China-US trade negotiations.

Rankings: Top 10 5G patent owners listed

Chinese companies lead in global 5G patent applications, with Huawei ranking
first, according to a report by IPlytics, an authorized patent data company in
Berlin. Huawei owns 15 percent of so-called standards-essential patents. 5G SEPs
are patents that must be used when implementing standardized 5G technology, and
no one can avoid them, which gives them special value among all patents. Three
industrial leaders from China were included in the top 10 list of 5G SEP family
owners, with Huawei taking the crown. ZTE Corp and the China Academy of
Telecommunications Technology grabbed fifth and ninth places respectively. Visit
our website to have a look at the top 10 5g patent owners listed.

Society: Prison allows online shopping

Guangdong province on Wednesday announced the opening of the country's first
online shopping platform in a prison during a conference for prisoners. In
January, the Guangdong Prison Administrative Bureau singled out Conghua Prison
as a pilot for online shopping. During the pilot period between January and
April, prisoners placed more than 13,000 orders, purchasing more than 400,000
items.

Photos: Classroom made from bottles

A school in Lancashire, the United Kingdom, rallied its students to help build a
"recycled classroom" out of 3,000 plastic bottles. During the past year, pupils
at St Mary's RC Primary School in Accrington worked to transform 2 metric tons
of recycled plastic into "eco bricks", which were then used to build an outdoor
classroom. With the help of the local community, students collected waste such
as candy wrappers, cellophane and plastic bags, and packed it into milk cartons
and 2-liter bottles to form solid bricks.

Tech: Circus holograms take place of animals

A circus in Germany is being praised for its decision to stop using live animals
in its shows and to combat animal cruelty in the industry by replacing them with
holograms. Circus Roncalli became the first in the world to incorporate
magnificent 3D holograms of animals in their show. The circus has been in
business since 1976. Now, instead of live animals in the midst of acrobats and
magicians, the audience finds glittering, giant projections of elephants, horses
and fish.

(China Daily 06/10/2019 page22)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/98/156012786078.jpg

a41f726719b21e67dfd447.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/56/156012786116.jpg

a41f726719b21e67dfdd48.jpg


                              84 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 10, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Hard to get global economy on track unless US abandons unruly behavior

BYLINE: Xin Zhiming

BODY:

THE G20 FINANCIAL MINISTERS met on the weekend in Japan to discuss ways to bring
the global economy back on track. China Daily writer Xin Zhiming comments:

The discussions highlighted global concerns about the damage the China-US trade
war is inflicting on the global economy.

The G20 mechanism was established in 1999 to ensure the major economies of the
world can come together and cooperate so as to cope with global challenges. And
during their discussions on the weekend, the G20 central bank governors and
other financial regulators sought to forge a consensus on some important issues
to be endorsed by national leaders who are scheduled to meet at the G20 Summit
in Osaka later this month.

As the world economy is facing new uncertainties arising from the dispute
between China and the United States over trade and other issues, the G20
platform should play a more constructive role in helping resolve those issues.

Above all, the US, which has initiated the frictions with China by unilaterally
imposing and raising tariffs on Chinese goods and blocking the use of products
by Chinese tech company Huawei in the US, should reflect on its protectionist
stance.

Abetted by the country's superpower status and strength, the US government has
sought to bypass existing international mechanisms, such as the World Trade
Organization, and ignore global economic rules to force its trade partners to
cater to its demands. Such bullying behavior is sabotaging the current global
governance order.

Admittedly, there is the necessity to reform the global governance system, but
it should not be reformed solely based on the will of any one country.
Equal-footed consultation and consensus-based cooperation must be the
prerequisite for the reform.

The stalled negotiations between China and the US have created new uncertainties
for global trade. And the international community is earnestly expecting that
there can be a final resolution to the trade war between the world's top two
economic powers as soon as possible.

But without the US abandoning its arrogant, unilateral behavior and respecting
China's core interests, it will be difficult for any breakthrough to come, at
least in the short term.

Because of this, it is almost impossible for the world's major players to sit
down and work out practical changes to the global trade rules that are
acceptable to all.

(China Daily 06/10/2019 page8)


                              85 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 10, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Mounting uncertainty for Chinese investors

BYLINE: Zhao Huanxin in Washington

BODY:

A new US law that tightens scrutiny of foreign investment has created a "much
more hostile environment" for Chinese investors, and its definition of what is
sensitive has increased uncertainties, two former senior officials said on
Thursday at the launch of a report on China's outbound capital flows.

Driven by regulatory changes, Chinese foreign direct investment flows into North
America and Europe dropped by $80 billion last year to $30 billion - a six-year
low, with the US experiencing most of the downturn, according to law firm Baker
McKenzie's latest report, Chinese FDI: A New Reality.

Passed by Congress and signed by US President Donald Trump in 2018, the Foreign
Investment Risk Review Modernization Act greatly expanded the scope of
investment reviews by the Committee on Foreign Investment, or CFIUS, in the
United States. The interagency committee covers a wider range of transactions
involving potentially sensitive sectors.

"New US investment screening rules are making life more difficult for Chinese
investors," Rod Hunter, former senior director for International Economics of US
National Security Council, said in the Baker McKenzie report.

Meanwhile, hardening relations between the two powers are weighing on investor
sentiment.

Speaking at a panel discussion at the Atlantic Council in Washington on
Thursday, Hunter, now a Baker McKenzie partner, said the part of the US policy
played in driving the change in China's Foreign Direct Investment, or FDI, in
the US was very important.

In addition to the Risk Review law, new export control reform legislation now
requires the Commerce Department to determine what is an "emerging technology"
and decide whether licensing to Chinese organizations is allowed.

"People focused on Huawei, but there was also an executive order, which creates
the possibility for the administration to block US persons to use of Chinese
technology in their own systems," he said.

"So what we're seeing is a much more hostile environment for not just Chinese
investment, but also technological cooperation and transfers," Hunter said.

Deterring investment

Kurt Campbell, former assistant secretary of state for East Asian and Pacific
Affairs, said, "I believe what's happening is that the definition of what is
sensitive is broadening, broadening in ways that make it difficult for investors
to predict." Campbell is now chairman and CEO of The Asia Group.

It not only involves necessarily Chinese businesses, but also other investments,
Campbell said.

Campbell said the much more stringent approach will deter investment.

"You have agencies inside the US government playing their traditional roles,
suspicious of everything, others much more freewheeling. I think over time, the
tendency is to err on the side of caution or to reject," he said.

If companies have to wait for long and will be subject to the public scrutiny
that increasingly comes with serious delineation, "a lot of times those
companies, those investment committees are going to say no", Campbell said.

huanxinzhao@chinadailyusa.com

(China Daily 06/10/2019 page12)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/80/156012785059.jpg

00221917e13e1e67e83f2e.jpg


                              86 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 10, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: What happens to the UK after May's exit?

BYLINE: Julian Shea in London

BODY:

As departures go, Theresa May's exit as Conservative Party leader on Friday was
a painful one. US President Donald Trump's state visit in her last week meant
May was a bit player in her own final scene.

The new prime minister still faces a difficult political balancing act

As departures go, Theresa May's exit as Conservative Party leader on Friday was
a painful one. US President Donald Trump's state visit in her last week meant
May was a bit player in her own final scene.

The invitation to Trump was issued in January 2017, which feels like a lifetime
ago. The headlines then anointed May as new Iron Lady, taking the Brexit fight
to Brussels and likely winning.

Instead, she left having made no progress whatsoever on the Brexit issue
internationally, nationally or even within her own Conservative Party, which is
now in the grip of a Brexit fever.

May's last day as Conservative leader dawned with the news that the Brexit
Party, had pushed the Conservatives into third place in a by-election the
previous night. That sums up how the political debate has been steered on May's
watch - and hints where it might continue under her successor.

From the current field of 11 candidates, the parliamentary Conservative Party
will choose two, who will then go forward to a vote by grassroots members.

Almost all the contenders are strong Brexit enthusiasts, and with the Brexit
Party an ever more confident squatter on the Conservatives' political patch, it
might be that the only way to win back votes is to take on the usurper at its
own game, and to adopt the same direct approach.

With Brexit having been delayed twice on May's watch, her successor is currently
scheduled to oversee the exit on Oct 31. Amid warnings that a third delay could
kill Brexit, or even the Conservative Party, altogether, few of the contenders
would contemplate another postponement, deal or no deal.

The Brexit referendum brought May to power when it unseated predecessor David
Cameron. The Brexit impasse pushed her from the throne and, before her successor
is even known, the Brexit Party has a hand on the Conservative steering wheel.

It is impossible to predict accurately what will happen next to the Conservative
Party, or under whose stewardship, but a further drift to the right toward the
US sphere of influence, looks likely. So how will this affect Sino-British
relations?

May and Cameron both worked to strengthen bonds between the China and the UK.
James Sassoon, chairman of the Sino-British trade association, told China Daily
that maintaining these ties would be a priority for the new leader.

"As the UK's third-largest trading partner, China will continue to be very
important for the UK's next prime minister," he said.

"The China Britain Business Council and our members are focused on promoting the
opportunities, telling the story of growth and continuing our long and
successful trade relationship with China. China remains a key focus for British
business and any UK leader will understand the opportunities arising from
policies such as the Belt and Road Initiative, and the Greater Bay Area."

For centuries, he added, Britain had been the most open global economy and it
was in the interests of Britain and China for this to remain the case. "Close
ties benefit both countries - they strengthen the case for economic reform in
China while promoting British expertise, creativity and brands," he said, citing
the large number of Chinese students in the UK as proof of the healthy
relationship.

Christopher Bovis, professor of international business law at the University of
Hull, agreed that the longevity of Sino-British ties would help them weather any
political storms, such as the row over the involvement of Huawei in British
telecommunications networks, but warned against sudden changes of policy
direction.

"The US administration is negatively predisposed toward Huawei resulting in a
number of high-profile incidents, ... which aim to make it difficult or
impossible for the company to progress with its plans to roll out 5G packages
for telecommunications," he said.

"A new UK government and prime minister should not let this affect the very
successful and progressive Sino-UK relations, particularly in the outward
investment front.

"Relations between the UK and China are deeply rooted for many decades and
reflect a model which has unparalleled application with other international
partners and countries, especially in the European Union and the European
continent.

"However (Chinese investment) is rather risk-adverse. It is based on the
assumption of long-term sustainable returns which also have multiple
dimensions."

Wang Mingjie and Wang Rui in London contributed to this story.

julian@mail.chinadailyuk.com

(China Daily 06/10/2019 page10)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/67/156012785247.jpg

00221917e13e1e67e6bf24.jpg


                              87 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 10, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Trials underway for saltwater rice strains

BYLINE: Wang Xiaoyu

BODY:

China has planted about 300 new strains of saltwater-tolerant rice on 670
hectares of experimental alkali fields in search of resilient, high-yield
varieties that can grow on previously unproductive land.

Qualified varieties will then be promoted for commercial cultivation nationwide,
covering about one-fifth of the 100 million hectares of saltwater soil that is
believed to have potential for rice cultivation in the country, according to the
Saline-Alkali Tolerant Rice Research and Development Center in Qingdao, Shandong
province.

Facing the dual pressures of shrinking productive arable acreage and dwindling
irrigation capacity, research into saltwater-resistant rice can help safeguard
food security in China, said Zhang Guodong, deputy director of the center.

This year, the center plans to submit the first group of seven marketable rice
strains to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs for evaluation, Zhang
said. If certificates are obtained, the strains will be promoted for large-scale
cultivation nationwide.

Areas for trial planting, which are expected to exceed 1,300 hectares by year's
end, include five types of land with heavy salt content. They are located in
Heilongjiang, Shandong and Shaanxi provinces and in the Xinjiang Uygur
autonomous region, he said.

Preliminary tests with different strains have already demonstrated stark
contrasts in average yields, Zhang said. For instance, crops planted in test
fields in Qingdao are capable of yielding about 10 metric tons per hectare in
one harvest year, compared with 3.1 tons per hectare in stretches of
salty-alkaline land in Daqing, Heilongjiang province.

"Several factors have led to lower yields, such as the impact of natural
disasters. Also, some varieties are simply incompatible with the local
environment," he said.

One barometer for determining if a new strain of rice has the potential for mass
cultivation is its average output, which needs to be about 4.5 tons per hectare,
Zhang said.

"We will further improve our plant breeding and protection methods while
strengthening precautions against inclement weather and natural disasters," he
said.

"Eventually, we aim to sort out high-yield varieties with stress resiliency
designed for salty-alkaline land," he added.

The vast swaths of test fields will also provide insights into how to utilize
new technology to boost productivity while cutting down on the use of water,
fertilizers and pesticides, said Liu Lin, chief engineer at the center.

"Most salty-alkaline land is in less-densely populated regions. A shortage of
labor, coupled with remote distances from abundant freshwater, prompted us to
develop intelligent tools and automated machinery to increase efficiency."

In November, the center, in collaboration with telecom giant Huawei, launched a
platform that uses big data, the internet of things and cloud computing to offer
smart monitoring of salt content in the soil.

The system is also able to collect comprehensive data on changes in the
environment and early signs of disease outbreaks or pest infestations, and
transfer such information to agricultural experts for analysis and
decision-making.

Dubbed the nervous system of smart agriculture, the system has been installed on
experimental farmland in Shandong and will soon be rolled out across all test
fields, Liu said.

Efforts to transform barren salty land into fertile rice paddies have been going
on for at least three decades in China.

In recent years, dozens of research institutes, including the Hunan Hybrid Rice
Research Center and the Jiangsu Academy of Agricultural Sciences, have joined
the mission. Together, they formed a cooperative alliance dedicated to
establishing standards applicable to seawater-tolerant varieties.

Zhang said the center is planning to establish international research and
promotion centers in Africa and the Middle East in the near future. A handful of
countries, including Ghana, Nigeria and Pakistan, have expressed interest in
deeper cooperation with Chinese agricultural researchers in rice cultivation.

wangxiaoyu@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/10/2019 page1)


                              88 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 10, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Restrictions on Chinese firms could drive up 5G cost

BYLINE: Chen Weihua in Brussels

BODY:

Europe would have to pay an extra 55 billion euros ($62 billion) for 5G networks
and suffer an 18-month technology delay if it bans telecom equipment purchases
from top Chinese manufacturers, according to an industrial report.

The report by the GSM Association, which represents 750 mobile operators
worldwide, said Ericsson, Nokia and Samsung, the non-Chinese contenders in the
5G market, do not have the capacity to handle all of the shift from 3G and 4G
networks to 5G in Europe while honoring contracts already signed in North
America and Asia.

Huawei and ZTE account for about 40 percent of the EU market, and Huawei is
"currently a pioneer in 5G technology", according to the GSM analysis, first
reported by Reuters and Agence France-Presse on Friday.

"A ban on Chinese vendors would severely lessen competition in the mobile
equipment market, increasing prices and driving additional 5G rollout costs,"
the report said. It predicted that a ban would "result in slower rollout of 5G
networks in Europe and reduced takeup, which would further increase the
productivity gap between the EU and the US".

US President Donald Trump signed an executive order on May 15 to ban the
technology and services of "foreign adversaries" deemed to pose national
security risks. The US Commerce Department consequently added Huawei and 70
affiliates to its Entity List, banning Huawei from buying parts and technology
from US firms without government approval. The US later granted a 90-day
reprieve of the ban.

Last week, Trump and Secretary of State Mike Pompeo continued to pressure EU
leaders to follow suit or face consequences, such as by Washington halting US
intelligence sharing.

Many in Europe have concluded that the US placed the ban on Huawei in order to
curtail China's rise and maintain US technology dominance.

Germany, France and the United Kingdom have so far rejected a total ban of
Huawei. German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said companies that meet established
safety criteria could take part in tenders for building Germany's 5G network.

The BDI, the federation of German industries, said "Europe needs to maintain its
own course" and the EU would decide independently which companies it would allow
to build 5G network infrastructure.

Shada Islam, director of Europe and geopolitics at Friends of Europe, a think
tank in Brussels, said the EU hasn't taken sides on Huawei. "We have our own
interests and our own concerns, and we are voicing them with increasing
self-confidence on global stage," she said.

Abraham Liu, Huawei's chief representative to EU institutions, recently said in
Brussels that Huawei's 5G solution is the best on the market and to a large
extent a European product. "It is tailor-made for Europe's needs," he said.
Huawei has been operating in Europe for almost 20 years and has 12,000 employees
there, 70 percent hired locally.

"Huawei is becoming the victim of bullying by the US administration. This is not
just an attack against Huawei. It is an attack on the liberal, rules-based
order. This is dangerous," he said, as quoted by Parliament Magazine.

chenweihua@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/10/2019 page3)


                              89 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 10, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: On chinadaily.com.cn

BODY:

Forum: CGTN host to take on Fox again

Chinese State media host Liu Xin said she would propose a date this week for
Round 2 of her highly anticipated US-China trade war live debate with Fox
Business anchor Trish Regan. It will be the second time that the two television
hosts will meet on air. On May 30, Liu engaged in a live discussion at Regan's
invitation on China-US trade negotiations.

Rankings: Top 10 5G patent owners listed

Chinese companies lead in global 5G patent applications, with Huawei ranking
first, according to a report by IPlytics, an authorized patent data company in
Berlin. Huawei owns 15 percent of so-called standards-essential patents. 5G SEPs
are patents that must be used when implementing standardized 5G technology, and
no one can avoid them, which gives them special value among all patents. Three
industrial leaders from China were included in the top 10 list of 5G SEP family
owners, with Huawei taking the crown. ZTE Corp and the China Academy of
Telecommunications Technology grabbed fifth and ninth places respectively. Visit
our website to have a look at the top 10 5g patent owners listed.

Society: Prison allows online shopping

Guangdong province on Wednesday announced the opening of the country's first
online shopping platform in a prison during a conference for prisoners. In
January, the Guangdong Prison Administrative Bureau singled out Conghua Prison
as a pilot for online shopping. During the pilot period between January and
April, prisoners placed more than 13,000 orders, purchasing more than 400,000
items.

Photos: Classroom made from bottles

A school in Lancashire, the United Kingdom, rallied its students to help build a
"recycled classroom" out of 3,000 plastic bottles. During the past year, pupils
at St Mary's RC Primary School in Accrington worked to transform 2 metric tons
of recycled plastic into "eco bricks", which were then used to build an outdoor
classroom. With the help of the local community, students collected waste such
as candy wrappers, cellophane and plastic bags, and packed it into milk cartons
and 2-liter bottles to form solid bricks.

Tech: Circus holograms take place of animals

A circus in Germany is being praised for its decision to stop using live animals
in its shows and to combat animal cruelty in the industry by replacing them with
holograms. Circus Roncalli became the first in the world to incorporate
magnificent 3D holograms of animals in their show. The circus has been in
business since 1976. Now, instead of live animals in the midst of acrobats and
magicians, the audience finds glittering, giant projections of elephants, horses
and fish.

(China Daily 06/10/2019 page22)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/98/156012786078.jpg

a41f726719b21e67dfd447.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/56/156012786116.jpg

a41f726719b21e67dfdd48.jpg


                              90 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 8, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: China wants to share, Xi says

BYLINE: An Baijie and Ren Qi in Moscow

BODY:

President Xi Jinping reaffirmed China's stance on promoting the process of
economic globalization and maintaining the multilateral trading system at a
forum held in Russia on Friday.

Speech in St. Petersburg highlights global teamwork, BRI coordination

President Xi Jinping reaffirmed China's stance on promoting the process of
economic globalization and maintaining the multilateral trading system at a
forum held in Russia on Friday.

China would like to share its most advanced scientific achievements with the
world, including 5G technologies, and jointly cultivate new core competitiveness
and share its economic growth model, Xi said.

The president made the remarks in a speech at the plenary session of the 23rd
St. Petersburg International Economic Forum.

Xi said that China will continue to deepen its reform and opening-up, ease
market access and build a market environment with fair competition.

China would like to promote coordination between the Belt and Road Initiative
and the United Nations' 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, Xi said.

Noting that this year marks the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's
Republic of China, Xi said the Chinese government is making all-around efforts
to achieve its goal of lifting all the country's poorest people out of poverty
by 2020.

The Chinese government aims to create more than 11 million jobs this year, Xi
said, adding that China will promote the development of occupational education.

Xi said the Belt and Road Initiative, first proposed in 2013, aims to achieve
common development with other countries.

China held the Second Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation in
April, during which participating countries agreed to promote the building of
the Belt and Road with high quality, Xi said.

Russian President Vladimir Putin said in his speech that the world economic
system is facing a crisis in all aspects, and that such challenges were
unexpected.

Noting that trade protectionism is rising, Putin criticized some countries'
measures, including targeting Chinese technological giant Huawei, and refusing
to accept students from other countries.

The contribution made by developed countries to global economic growth has
decreased from 58 percent in 2008 to the current 40 percent, Putin noted, adding
that emerging market economies have become an important driving force for global
economic growth.

Before the plenary session in St. Petersburg, Xi and Putin attended a subforum,
the second Russian-Chinese Energy Business Forum.

Xi departed St. Petersburg for Beijing on Friday afternoon, wrapping up his
three-day state visit to Russia.

Contact the writers at anbaijie@chinadaily.com.cn

President Xi Jinping takes questions at the 23rd St. Petersburg International
Economic Forum on Friday. Kuang Linhua / China Daily

(China Daily 06/08/2019 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/76/155994784144.jpg

a41f726b05111e65337d03.jpg


                              91 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 7, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Rollout of 5G licenses ahead of schedule

BYLINE: Ouyang Shijia and Ma Si

BODY:

The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology on Thursday officially
rolled out commercial 5G licenses, marking a key step toward a crucial period
for the next-generation 5G commercial use.

The ministry granted the 5G licenses to the nation's three major telecom
carriers - China Mobile, China Telecom and China Unicom - as well as State-owned
China Broadcasting Network Corp.

Minister of Industry and Information Technology Miao Wei said China welcomes
foreign companies to actively participate in the construction of its 5G market
and share in the benefits generated in the market.

The move marks an accelerated push by China to apply 5G. Its previous plan was
to commercialize the technology in 2020.

"The 5G licensing will help deepen structural reform in the telecom industry,
improve the level of social and economic informatization and foster several
leading companies with global competitiveness," said China Mobile Chairman Yang
Jie.

China Mobile claimed its 5G services will be available in more than 40 cities by
the end of September.

China Telecom also said in a statement that the 5G licensing will be a key step
to build the country into a cyber power. It is also conducive to gaining a
competitive edge in the telecom sector, which will help drive technological
innovation, embrace industrial upgrading as well as boost high-quality economic
growth, the company said.

China Unicom noted it will continue welcoming foreign companies to participate
in domestic 5G construction.

"The 5G licensing will be a significant boost to the domestic economy as it will
drive the transformation and upgrading of the real economy, promote 5G
applications in various fields including manufacturing and agriculture and boost
growth of the digital economy," said Wang Zhiqin, head of IMT2020 (5G) Promotion
Group, a team established by the ministry to accelerate the development of 5G in
China.

"Issuing licenses for China Broadcasting Network Corp, the fourth 5G carrier,
will help build a next-generation communication network," Wang added. "Granting
four 5G licenses is conducive to fostering rational competition and investment
in the market."

She said the ministry will take key measures to promote 5G application,
strengthen industrial management, better allocate resources, encourage companies
to participate in 5G-network construction and further integrate 5G with vertical
industries.

High-speed 5G technology is expected to revolutionize the tech world in the near
future as it will be able to transmit data at least 10 times faster than 4G
technology.

In the 5G era, higher reliability and lower latency can be realized, making the
internet of things more effective and enabling tasks that are impossible in the
4G era, such as overseeing self-driving vehicles.

Telecom equipment maker Huawei Technologies Co said in a statement on Thursday
that it is ready to help China accelerate commercial use of 5G.

Huawei's global pioneering capabilities offering 5G solutions can support
Chinese telecom carriers to build a sound network. China will lead the world in
commercializing the superfast wireless technology, the company said.

Huawei has invested about $2 billion in total into the research and development
of 5G since 2009.

ZTE Corp, another Chinese telecom gear vendor, also said in a statement that its
products are ready for commercial use and it will actively participate in the
commercial deployment and construction of 5G networks in China, and will work
closely with industry partners to actively promote the application of 5G.

China is set to become the world's largest 5G market by 2025, with 460 million
5G users, according to a forecast by the Global System for Mobile Communications
Association, an industry group.

The country's telecom carriers are expected to spend 900 billion to 1.5 trillion
yuan ($134 billion to $223 billion) in total on 5G network construction from
2020 to 2025, according to a report from the China Academy of Information and
Communications Technology.

Contact the writers at ouyangshijia@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/07/2019 page1)


                              92 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 6, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Pompeo should put up with or shut up about Huawei

BODY:

US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo may think he has been doing a good job in
throttling the growth of Chinese telecommunications equipment company Huawei.

Because, wherever he goes, he has tried to sell the notion that the company
poses a severe threat to national security and intelligence, and dissuade the
countries concerned from doing any business with it.

But he might have been overdoing it a little bit, even to the extent that the
well-intentioned advice, as he claims it is, has sounded more like coercion that
even his hosts find it hard to accept.

During his visit to the Netherlands early this week, Pompeo told his hosts not
to do "anything that would endanger our shared security interests" by embracing
Huawei, prompting his Dutch counterpart to retort that "every country must make
its own security decisions".

The US top diplomat had already harped on the same string in Germany last week,
urging Chancellor Angela Merkel's government to take actions against Chinese
"espionage" and warning the US might have to change its "behavior" regarding
intelligence sharing if Berlin failed to do so.

The fact that Pompeo has often received a cold shoulder when trying to smear
Huawei in this way, shows his audiences know when they are being fed a line. He
seems to have forgotten that country-to-country relations are built on common
interests, not one dictating to another what the other can and cannot do.

That's why the United Kingdom has so far resisted Washington's call to shun
Huawei in its new 5G network despite the tremendous pressure it faces from the
US, because it knows firsthand that the Chinese company does not threaten its
national security as it has already been closely involved in its 4G network.

If he truly believes that Huawei is bent on helping the Chinese government spy
on other governments, even after it has proposed to sign "no-spy" deals with
possible partners, and even after countries have put themselves on high alert in
response to the US sounding constant alarm bells, Pompeo should at least
consider changing tactic, rather than keep on babbling about an imagined danger.

He should have confidence in the counterintelligence capabilities of the world's
sole superpower, and let other governments give Huawei's equipment and system a
try. If Huawei is spying, the US should be able to catch it red-handed.

That outcome, if it materialized, would save Pompeo all the trouble of traveling
around the world trying to convince a largely incredulous audience.

After all, facts speak louder than words.

(China Daily 06/06/2019 page8)


                              93 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 6, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Washington gives just stems of thorns rather than flowers

BODY:

Editor's note: Despite its repeated claim that the United States seeks to build
relationships featuring reciprocity and respect for sovereignty based on
fairness, in reality, Washington always pursues the goal of benefiting the US
while harming other countries. Zhong Sheng, a columnist for People's Daily,
comments:

If Washington truly pursues reciprocity, why does it impose tariffs on other
countries and unabashedly brag about the tens of billions of dollars in revenue
that the tariffs will generate for the US while gloating in the misery they
cause its trade partners.

As the main founder and long-term leader of the multilateral trading system, the
US used to take the lead in trade liberalization and investment facilitation. By
virtue of its advantages in technology, capital and rules, the US established a
global value chain dominated by transnational corporations and gained huge
benefits in the global market, especially the Chinese market. According to
official statistics of the US, from 2009 to 2016, the investment stock of US
multinationals in China increased by 111.4 percent, while sales increased by
140.3 percent and net income by 151.3 percent. This demonstrates the US has not
suffered from the global value chain, but gained from it.

However, the US is reluctant to see other countries perform well. In order to
maintain its leading position and ensure its dominance, the US even mobilizes
administrative power to suppress other countries' technology enterprises under
various "unwarranted" charges, so as to win space and time for US enterprises to
seize the market in the high-tech field and maintain their monopolistic position
in the international industrial division of labor.

Top US officials have even been lobbying governments around the world to refuse
to cooperate with Huawei on the grounds of "endangering national security". Not
only Chinese companies, all competitors in the eyes of US politicians are a
"thorn in the flesh".

Some US politicians are eager to perpetuate a development model in which
developing countries export low-value resources, goods and services to the US,
while the US exports dollars, financial products and low-end technologies to the
rest of the world. In today's interdependent global village, joint development
remains a general trend. The act of "withholding from others rose blooms and
giving them thorns" is bound to be spurned by more people.

(China Daily 06/06/2019 page8)


                              94 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 6, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: No reason to refuse being connected

BODY:

DESPITE THE PRESSURE the United States is putting on the United Kingdom to ban
Chinese telecom company Huawei from participating in its 5G network, UK official
sources are reported as saying no decision will be made this week. China Daily
writer Zhang Zhouxiang comments:

"A fully connected Britain is a fully united Britain." That's the slogan of a
Huawei advertisement that is being displayed on billboards and posters during
the visit of US President Donald Trump to the UK.

The advertisement states the plain, naked truth. In the modern world, "online"
is almost a natural state of everybody being involved in social affairs, because
that's the main channel for interacting with others. Today, "no signal" is a
nightmare.

That's what Chinese telecom companies have been doing. From 2010 to 2018, the
number of people with access to the internet has grown from 303 million to 829
million, of which 817 million access the web via smartphones or tablets. It is
the tireless efforts of Chinese telecom companies that have made this possible.

That's also what Chinese telecom companies have been doing globally. In Europe,
Africa and even the United States, they have brought internet access to hundreds
of millions of local residents. As early as 2016, Chinese companies invested $15
billion in building 150,000 kilometers of fibers for local communities in
Africa, a program which is still going on today, serving the African people.

One excuse the US always cites against Huawei is "security", though without any
substantial evidence. But it is the US that was revealed to be conducting covert
surveillance of internet users through its Prism program, it is the US company
Facebook that had 30 million users' information leaked, while it is the US
company Microsoft that blamed US National Security Agency for being possibly
linked with WannaCry computer virus that victimized the whole world.

There is no reason to refuse an enterprise's efforts of connecting the world
only because that enterprise is headquartered in China.

(China Daily 06/06/2019 page8)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/17/155978216851.jpg

a41f726719b21e62aafb2f.jpg


                              95 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 6, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Suppliers around the world planning to continue shipments to Huawei

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

As Huawei Technologies Co works hard to offset the fallout of the US
government's restrictions, suppliers around the world are reaffirming their
support for the Chinese company, partly by leveraging their flexibilities to
reconfigure supply chains.

German chipmaker Infineon said it is continuing most shipments to Huawei, given
that the majority of products it delivers to the Chinese firm are not subject to
US export control law restrictions.

Infineon, the producer of semiconductors used in cars and smartphones, said in a
statement that it "undertakes every measure required to ensure reliability in
meeting our customers' demands."

"We have a set of measures in place to thoroughly monitor any possible changes
in the legal frameworks of our respective markets, enabling us to make
adaptations in our international supply chain," it said. "This enables us to
make efficient and proactive adjustments supporting our ability to deliver
wherever possible."

Similarly, Japanese tech company Panasonic's China branch said it will maintain
normal supply to Huawei, and it will continue to sell goods and services to the
Chinese company under the prerequisite of strict compliance with relevant laws
and regulations.

Data from the Nikkei Asia Review show that Huawei bought $6.3 billion worth of
products including batteries, electronic material and components from Panasonic
in 2018.

The semiconductor giant TSMC also confirmed that its shipments to Huawei will
not be affected by the US government's ban on Huawei's access to US
technologies. Huawei does not produce semiconductors, and its chip-designing arm
HiSilicon entrusts its processors to TSMC, the world's biggest contract
chipmaker, for production.

Xiang Ligang, director-general of the telecom industry association Information
Consumption Alliance, said given Huawei's big spend on purchasing components and
services annually, suppliers most probably will try to find ways to continue
their deliveries to Huawei.

TSMC's commitment to continue shipping products is of strategic importance to
Huawei. Only with its cooperation is it possible for Huawei to have a Plan B in
ramping up in-house processors, Xiang said.

The developments show that companies will not surrender to the US
administration's efforts to politicize commercial activities, Xiang added.

The US government imposed a ban on Huawei's access to US technologies without
special government approval last month, accusing Huawei of being a national
security risk. The Chinese company has repeatedly denied the accusations.

Hu Houkun, rotating chairman of Huawei, also said in a recent speech that the US
government's restrictions on the company set a dangerous precedent. "It goes
against the values of the international business community, cuts off the global
supply chain and disrupts fair competition in the market. This could happen to
any other industry and company in the future if we don't jointly confront these
issues,"

"Equally, we don't want to build a new wall in terms of trade, and we don't want
to build a new wall in terms of technology either. We need an integrated global
ecosystem that can help us to promote faster technological innovation and
stronger economic growth. Ultimately, it is what we have to rely on in order to
maintain global prosperity," Hu said.

(China Daily 06/06/2019 page14)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/26/155978219107.jpg

a41f726b05111e62a0b818.jpg


                              96 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 6, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Global high-tech industry faces headwinds

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

For the US semiconductor company Qorvo Inc, May 16 was a disaster. Its shares
plunged by more than 7 percent after the US government banned Huawei
Technologies Co from doing business with US companies without special government
approval.

US government's restrictions could hit earnings in the United States and Asia,
hold up launch of 5G networks, says UBS

For the US semiconductor company Qorvo Inc, May 16 was a disaster. Its shares
plunged by more than 7 percent after the US government banned Huawei
Technologies Co from doing business with US companies without special government
approval.

Qorvo derived as much as 15 percent of its revenue from Huawei in its past
fiscal year. The US government's decision to add Huawei to its "Entity List"
means Qorvo can't supply products to the Chinese company, one of its most
important clients.

The US radio frequency chipmaker has seen its shares fall almost 14 percent in
the past month and recently cut its revenue outlook for the quarter ended in
June from $780-$800 million to $730-$750 million, a decline of 6.3 percent from
the midpoint.

Qorvo's revenue outlook adjustment reflects how the US government's ban on
Huawei is affecting US companies, given the complex interdependence of the
global supply chain.

As the world's largest telecom gear maker and the world's second-largest
smartphone vendor, Huawei has a sprawling presence in the global sector.

Data from Huawei show that it procured around $70 billion worth of components
and services from its 13,000 suppliers worldwide last year, with roughly $11
billion coming from US suppliers.

Moreover, among a list of 92 core suppliers Huawei unveiled last year, 33 of
them are from the US, including tech heavyweights Intel Corp, Qualcomm Inc, and
Micron Technology Inc.

According to the Financial Times, the US government crackdown on Huawei is
putting so much pressure on the semiconductor sector that chip companies' shares
faced a big monthly drop. The Philadelphia Semiconductor Index, which tracks
companies that design, distribute and manufacture semiconductors, has fallen
significantly in the past month.

The impact on US semiconductor companies is so big that the Semiconductor
Industry Association, an industry group that represents US leadership in
semiconductor manufacturing, design, and research, expressed its views on the US
government ban on Huawei.

John Neuffer, president and CEO of the Semiconductor Industry Association, said
in a statement that the association wants the US government to ease restrictions
further following the US administration temporarily granting a license to Huawei
.

The US Commerce Department said on its website on May 21 that it had issued a
90-day license to allow Huawei to purchase US technology in order to maintain
existing networks and provide software updates for existing Huawei handsets.

Neuffer said the association hopes to work with the US administration to broaden
the scope of the 90-day license so that it does not undermine the industry's
ability to compete globally, and ensures the economic security of an industry
that is the backbone of US technologies in key areas such as artificial
intelligence, quantum computing, and next-generation telecommunications.

Swiss investment bank UBS also said in a research report that the US
government's restrictions on Huawei would hold back earnings in the tech sector
and the launch of 5G networks across the world.

Assuming the current US government's restrictions stay in place, UBS estimated
that US tech players' earnings would decline by a low-singledigit percentage,
given the close business connections of US companies with Huawei.

The Asian tech sector would see mid-single-digit percentage losses, though the
impact would be neutral for Europe's tech industry, the bank predicted.

Moreover, lengthy restrictions on Huawei could slow the global rollout of 5G
networks. "These developments increase the likelihood telecom providers take a
wait-and-see approach on the dispute before making 5G purchases for their next
generation networks," the report added.

The financial institution pointed out that the impact on the global supply chain
would be contingent on "the length and severity of restrictions imposed on
Huawei."

Lyu Tingjie, a telecom professor at Beijing University of Posts and
Telecommunications, said any harm to Huawei will have broader ripple effects
across the global tech arena and beyond, simply because of the company's huge
size and its technological prowess in 5G.

Also, as the US companies are inextricably involved in the global technology
supply chain, a slower rollout of 5G around the world will affect their
businesses as some of the most important US tech champions are looking to the
superfast wireless technology for a major surge in orders and revenue, Lyu said.

For instance, without good 5G networks, consumers won't buy new phones that
contain chips from Qualcomm and Micron. They won't generate data that need to be
crunched by processors made by Intel, Nvidia Corp and Advanced Micro Devices
Inc.

US tech companies are also worried about such an outcome, especially as
Washington is considering cutting off access to US components or software for
more Chinese tech companies including five video surveillance firms.

According to a report from Bloomberg, Microsoft Corp warned in a written
submission to the US Department of Commerce that export controls being
considered by Washington risked isolating the US from international research
collaborations and "could thwart US interests."

General Electric Co and Alphabet Inc are also worried that the proposed
restrictions, related to technologies seen as essential to competitiveness,
could actually impede them from competing in lucrative markets, while reducing
the US capacity to innovate, Bloomberg reported.

Ren Zhengfei, CEO of Huawei, summed up the close connections between Chinese and
US tech companies in an interview with Chinese media in late May.

"US suppliers have offered us strong support for years. When I heard that they
were scrambling against time to prepare goods for us (ahead of the ban), I was
reduced to tears," Ren said.

"Our friendship with them was formed years or decades ago and the ties cannot be
cut off just by an administrative order," the 74-year-old senior executive said.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

A man walks past a Huawei billboard publicizing 5G technology at a recent
high-tech exhibition in Beijing. Reuters

(China Daily 06/06/2019 page14)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/77/155978219159.jpg

a41f726b05111e62a09913.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/22/155978219217.jpg

a41f726b05111e62a0760d.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/77/155978219244.jpg

a41f726b05111e62a0920e.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/81/155978219277.jpg

a41f726b05111e62a09510.jpg


                              97 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 5, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: London hosts major anti-Trump protest

BYLINE: Julian Shea in London

BODY:

Large crowds gathered in Trafalgar Square in central London on Tuesday to
protest against US President Donald Trump's state visit to the United Kingdom.

US president's visit comes at delicate time over Brexit

Large crowds gathered in Trafalgar Square in central London on Tuesday to
protest against US President Donald Trump's state visit to the United Kingdom.

Trump and his entourage arrived in the UK on Monday and spent the day on
ceremonial duties, before the political aspect of his visit began on Tuesday
with a meeting with outgoing Prime Minister Theresa May, who is resigning at the
end of this week.

Just down the road from her Downing Street office where that meeting took place,
thousands of protestors assembled for a demonstration against Trump's visit,
which included speeches from various people including Labour Party leader Jeremy
Corbyn, who declined an invitation to dine with Trump during his visit. Also
nearby in Parliament Square, the famous Trump Baby Blimp, created for his visit
to the UK last year, was once again flying.

Trump's visit came at a delicate time in British politics, with the UK's
relationship with the European Union trading bloc in turmoil following three
years of failing to make progress on how Britain will leave. This impasse led to
May's downfall, and there is now a desperate race among Conservative members of
Parliament to succeed her as party leader and prime minister.

The first issue the new leader faces is how to prepare for Brexit, currently
scheduled for Oct 31. Many leading contenders, including the Trump-endorsed
Boris Johnson, have spoken of their openness to a no deal-Brexit, which means
leaving with no alternative economic or legislative arrangements in place.

Trump favors such an approach, suggesting it could earn the UK favorable trading
terms with the US. And in a BBC interview on Sunday, when asked specifically
about how such a deal would impact on the country's free at the point of
delivery National Health Service, Woody Johnson, US ambassador to the UK, said:
"I think probably the entire economy, in a trade deal all things that are traded
will be on the table."

On Wednesday, Trump will attend commemorative events for the 75th anniversary of
the D-Day landings in Normandy in northern France, one of the pivotal events of
World War II. The queen presented him with a rare Winston Churchill book about
the war, and in her speech on Tuesday, May spoke of the two countries' so-called
special relationship - "a great partnership, but one I believe we can make
greater still".

Continuing the historical theme of the visit, she gave Trump with a framed
typescript draft of the Atlantic Charter, agreed by Churchill and US president
Roosevelt in 1941, setting out the two leaders' postwar aims and paving the way
for the formation of the United Nations.

In the run-up to the Downing Street meeting, US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo
increased pressure over the possible future role of Chinese telecoms firm Huawei
in the British telecoms network by repeating doubts about how secure its systems
are.

In April, May decided to allow Huawei to be partially involved but it was a
disputed decision, and several of the candidates to succeed her as prime
minister have already expressed their reservations about it.

Speaking in the Netherlands, Pompeo said he urged "our allies and our partners
and our friends, don't do anything that would endanger our shared security
interests or restrict our ability to share sensitive information".

However, some said US criticisms are commercially driven, as part of US-China
trade tensions, rather than based on security fears. British government sources
have indicated that no final decision on Huawei will be made this week, which
would mean it would be the responsibility of whoever ends up succeeding May in
Downing Street.

julian@mail.chinadailyuk.com

People protest in London on Monday during the state visit of US President Donald
Trump to Britain. Alkis Konstantinidis / Reuters

(China Daily 06/05/2019 page12)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/77/155969579772.jpg

a41f726b05111e61557f3a.jpg


                              98 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 5, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: 'America First' won't 'last long'

BYLINE: Han Baoyi in London

BODY:

US President Donald Trump's "America First" foreign policy tilt won't last long
because it is inconsistent with a multilateral order that has given stability
and prosperity to the world for more than 70 years, according to the chairman of
the EU-China Friendship Group in the European Parliament.

European Parliament member slams Trump's aggressive trade policies

US President Donald Trump's "America First" foreign policy tilt won't last long
because it is inconsistent with a multilateral order that has given stability
and prosperity to the world for more than 70 years, according to the chairman of
the EU-China Friendship Group in the European Parliament.

"I don't think America First will last long," said Nirj Deva. "More countries
need to embrace the multilateral system. I'm pleased to see that China has
embraced the multilateral order and is not trying to create something separate,"
he said.

Deva stressed that what the United States is doing, with its aggressive trade
policies against major trading partners including China, is a "technique" that
the US has used many times to restrain rivals.

"The Americans take any competition and any threat very seriously and do all
sorts of things to stop the success of imports. So this is not just China today,
it is a technique that America has used many times, for example, on steel from
Britain, aluminum, Toyota cars and now Huawei," he said.

From his perspective, trade tensions between the US and China are caused by US
over protection of trade. In response to US moves, China has stood loyal to a
multilateral system and promotes its Belt and Road Initiative, hoping for a
future of shared prosperity among different nations of the world.

Deva praised the Belt and Road Initiative, and suggested it could form the basis
for the EU to establish an "extraordinary" partnership with China. "The BRI will
create a huge market not only for China, but also for the EU," he said.

"The EU could be the provider of education, technology, great universities,
where both European languages and Chinese languages could meet," he said. He
noted that the EU has a very well-developed tertiary economy, with insurance and
healthcare, while China has built a huge and sophisticated manufacturing and
modern technology economy that can benefit from these EU services.

"This kind of partnership will bring a win-win situation for both and prosperity
for millions and millions of people," he added.

Having worked closely with China for more than 10 years, Deva has striven to
promote understanding in the European Parliament and notes the major changes the
nation has been through in a short time.

"I think China has behaved extremely well both internally and on the global
stage. China has not only removed 700 million people from poverty in China
itself, but has worked hard over the last 20 years to remove poverty from Africa
by building infrastructure projects. Today the African continent is the fastest
growing region in the world."

The EU-China Friendship Group was established in December 2006, and is dedicated
to promoting a greater understanding of China so as to create an environment
conducive to enhance EU-China relations and cooperation at the EU
decision-making level. It is the largest parliamentary friendship group and has
organized more than 10 delegation visits to China.

hanbaoyi@mail.chinadailyuk.com

(China Daily 06/05/2019 page11)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/82/155969579924.jpg

a41f726b05111e61552837.jpg


                              99 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 5, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: 5G rollout should not be a zero-sum game

BODY:

In a sign that China is leading the race for the next generation of wireless
services, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology announced on
Monday that it will soon grant 5G licenses for commercial use, making the
country the world's first major market to launch 5G services.

This comes as no surprise, because major Chinese telecommunications operators
have already been testing the technology and conducting pre-commercial
deployment in pilot cities for years. Guangzhou, for example, is expected to
complete building 10,000 base stations to achieve full 5G coverage by the end of
this year.

5G is 100 times faster than the current 4G technology, enabling one to download
a two-hour movie in just 3.6 seconds, as compared to 6 minutes on 4G.

But it's not only about speed. The fact that it makes it possible for more
people and things to work on the same network with basically no lag time means
it will usher in some of the hottest trends in technology, such as self-driving
cars and remote surgery. A new wave of applications that people can't even
imagine now are also expected to emerge out of 5G.

Which means tremendous economic benefits that the country will reap as it
restructures its economy and upgrades its industries. According to a white paper
released by the China Academy of Information and Communications Technology, 5G
technology is expected to generate 6.3 trillion yuan ($913 billion) worth of
economic output and 8 million jobs for China by 2030.

The United States has targeted Chinese telecommunications equipment company
Huawei and other Chinese high-tech enterprises, banning US companies from
selling components and software they need to make their products, in the hope
that it can at least slow, if not choke, China's high-tech development.

As Washington believes that in the information age, "the nation that leads the
world in wireless technology wins". The US having been the leader in 4G, it
can't bear the thought of it not having first dibs on the benefits of 5G.

Given Washington's attempts to impede China's progress in 5G, the launch of 5G
licenses for commercial use is a timely morale booster, as it proves the
disruptive moves the US has taken against China in the 5G race serve only as
nuisances on its ascent to lead the world of future technologies, a trend that
has become unstoppable.

Yet it is not a zero-sum game. China's gain in the 5G sector does not
necessarily mean a loss for any other country. Due to its huge market - China is
expected to account for half of the world's 5G users by 2022 - the country will
provide enough dividends for multinationals, including those from the US, to
share in its 5G development.

(China Daily 06/05/2019 page8)


                             100 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 5, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Trade conflict won't 'disturb' reform pace

BYLINE: Chen Jia

BODY:

Trade pressure will not disturb China's pace in deepening market-oriented
reforms, upgrading manufacturing or improving technology-intensive production,
according to a Chinese senior economist.

Nation to focus on upgrading high-tech, manufacturing sectors, economist says

Trade pressure will not disturb China's pace in deepening market-oriented
reforms, upgrading manufacturing or improving technology-intensive production,
according to a Chinese senior economist.

"No matter what happens, we will improve our market institutions, complete the
transition to a well-functioning market economy and further open up," said
Justin Yifu Lin, dean of the Institute of New Structural Economics and honorary
dean of the National School of Development at Peking University. Lin spoke in a
recent exclusive interview with China Daily. "It is good for China, and it is
good for the rest of the world."

He predicted that the impact of trade disputes on China's growth will be around
0.5 percentage point, more optimistic than the International Monetary Fund's
prediction of a 0.5 to 1.5 percentage point decrease in China's GDP growth rate.

Facing an escalation of trade conflicts with the United States, the world's
second-largest economy will take counter-cyclical measures to offset impacts,
but the adjustment will be minor, according to Lin, who previously was the chief
economist at the World Bank.

"I do not expect major changes in overall policy direction, even if the US
imposes 25 percent tariffs on all China's exports."

China can continue to reduce some income taxes and deepen business regulation
reform to make business operations simpler and easier. That would reduce costs
for corporations and offset the tariffs' negative effects, he said.

Conflicts between the world's two largest economies now have spread from trade
to technology. The US recently announced it would cut off wireless-equipment
provider Huawei Technologies from its US suppliers.

"If there is a kind of trade war, we will have to produce important products
that we cannot import from abroad. The US is not the only source, and other
countries may also be able to supply most of the goods," Lin said, pointing to
Huawei as an example. China's economic cooperation with the rest of the world
will not change, he added.

China has competitive advantages in many high-tech products, a significant
portion of which are developed and produced by the nation's profit-oriented
private sector on a competitive market basis, Lin said.

Chinese producers also have accumulated resources including technological
research and human capital, consolidating their competitive advantages in
high-tech manufacturing, according to Lin.

The IMF warned that recent and additional possible tariffs could reduce global
GDP by about 0.3 percentage point in the short term, with half of the effect
from damage to businesses and market confidence.

The IMF found that some of the additional tariffs have been passed on to US
consumers, while others have been absorbed by importing firms through lower
profit margins.

A further escalation in trade tensions could pose further downside risks to
China's growth outlook, but a stronger policy response is likely to offset the
risks, according to Fitch Ratings.

"The current policy mix has been quite distinct from prior easing episodes,"
said Andrew Fennell, director and lead analyst for China sovereign ratings at
Fitch.

Fiscal policy is taking more of an active role, with Fitch's estimate of China's
consolidated fiscal deficit rising substantially this year to nearly 6 percent
of GDP. Quasi-fiscal activity, including infrastructure spending, has been more
muted than in the past, he said.

The global rating agency also noted that the current easing cycle has featured
no cuts to China's benchmark interest rates, reflecting the authorities' desire
to avoid sending too strong a "stimulus signal", given the prior policy focus on
deleveraging.

chenjia@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/05/2019 page3)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/13/155969580881.jpg

a41f726b05111e61508b17.jpg


                             101 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 5, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Huawei drives ahead with smart car unit

BYLINE: Ouyang Shijia

BODY:

Chinese tech giant Huawei Technologies Co has recently established a smart car
solutions business unit, as part of its larger goal of driving a connected and
smart future.

"The automotive market is undergoing a profound information and communications
technology-driven transformation," Huawei said in an internal document.

"Huawei will not make cars. Focusing on developing ICT technologies, Huawei will
enable car manufacturers to build better smart vehicles. Having accumulated 30
years of experience in offering ICT technologies, Huawei will be an ICT
component supplier for smart cars."

The newly formed business unit will offer end-to-end smart vehicle solutions
including ICT components and solutions for car manufacturers, according to the
document.

"As a leading provider of ICT products and solutions, Huawei needs to gear up
its expansion into various industries, including the smart vehicle sector," said
Raymond Wang, partner of global consultancy Roland Berger.

"Carmakers are accelerating the push for making a major foray into connected and
intelligent cars. With advantages in areas like 5G technologies, in-vehicle
computing platforms and cloud services, Huawei will be an enabler that helps
carmakers to offer next-generation smart products."

The new move came as Huawei faces stiff headwinds from the US government's
decision to put it on a blacklist.

The US administration accuses Huawei of posing risks to its national security.
Huawei has repeatedly denied the accusations, claiming the charges were not
supported by any factual evidence.

Against this backdrop, Huawei plans to sell its majority share in an undersea
cable unit. The company will sell its 51 percent of Huawei Marine Networks, a
global submarine network provider and a joint venture between Huawei and United
Kingdom-based undersea cable company Global Marine Systems.

James Yan, research director at Counterpoint Technology Market Research, said
considering the political headwinds, Huawei may need to shrink some businesses
and focus its investment on key products and services offerings, such as the
operating system, supply chain products, 5G and the smart vehicle business.

"The ban may hamper Huawei's short-term development, especially its overseas
business. In the long run, Huawei may experience a low point in the near future.
With a key focus in developing its operating system, Huawei will gain strong
momentum in the domestic market. And it will also gear up its expansion in
emerging markets globally," Yan said.

Yan noted that Huawei's new move in setting up the smart car business unit is an
important aspect of Huawei's overall growth strategy.

"The smart vehicle will be a key portal that brings consumers intelligent
experiences, in a move to better tap into the consumer internet of things
sector. As China will soon issue licenses for the commercialization of 5G, the
newly formed business unit will help Huawei to integrate its resources and
become a key supplier of smart automobile electronics," Yan added.

Huawei's Business Group announced in March an all-scenario ecosystem strategy to
bring consumers intelligent experiences, with the mobile phone as the main
device, while other support portals include offerings such as connected
vehicles, AI speakers, tablets, PCs and wearables.

ouyangshijia@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/05/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/85/155969582837.jpg

a41f726719b21e6143f404.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/29/155969582868.jpg

a41f726719b21e6143f905.jpg


                             102 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 4, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Photo

BODY:

An engineer stands under a 5G base station antenna in Huawei's Songshan Lake
Manufacturing Center in Dongguan, Guangdong province, on Thursday. Jason Lee /
Reuters

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/50/155960943419.jpg

a41f726b05111e5ff07408.jpg



                             103 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 4, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Influential group lifts ban on Huawei

BYLINE: Zhang Yangfei

BODY:

The IEEE, a global technical organization under fire for banning employees of
Chinese communications company Huawei from participating in its academic
activities, such as editorial and peer reviews, lifted the restriction on
Monday.

The change came after the organization received a clarification from the United
States government in the wake of widespread protests from Chinese academics
about the politicization of science.

The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, a New York-based
technical organization for the advancement of technology, said in an online
statement that it had received a "requested clarification" from the US
Department of Commerce. Based on the new information, all IEEE members,
regardless of employer, may continue to participate in all activities of the
organization, it said.

On May 16, the US Department of Commerce put Huawei on its Entity List, which
prohibits US makers of technological products from selling their wares to Huawei
.

On Wednesday, the IEEE announced a ban on employees of Huawei and its 68
affiliates from publication peer review and some editorial processes. It said on
Monday that the ban was "motivated solely by the desire to protect volunteers
and members from legal risk" and that the risk has been addressed by the
clarification from the US government.

The ban had sparked an outcry among academics.

Ten Chinese academic institutions, including the China Institute of
Communications, Chinese Institute of Electronics and Chinese Association for
Artificial Intelligence, expressed their opposition in a joint statement on
Sunday night, calling the ban "unbelievable" and saying they were "deeply
shocked".

"The participation of scientists in journal reviews is the basic right to
perform their peer review responsibilities and should not be subject to
discrimination by nationality, ethnicity or institutions," the joint statement
said.

"The restriction on normal academic exchanges violates the spirit of academic
independence and the values of the scientific community, and it brutally damages
the order of academic exchange and technological development," it said, adding
that scientists should be highly-alert to the politicization of science.

The 10 associations, as well as many Chinese scientists and experts in the
industry, have reiterated that science should have no national boundaries.

The associations said that the IEEE, as a nonpolitical and nonprofit
organization with an international influence, should not be connecting members
to political agendas. Rather members should be independent, they said.

The ban deviated from the core scientific value of "trust" and was a serious act
of discrimination against scientists and institutions. It was a step backward in
the development of academic exchanges, they said.

"As academic organizations with good long-term cooperation with the IEEE, we
firmly oppose the politicization of academic exchanges, any attempt to challenge
free and equal academic standards and any act that undermines the fair and just
academic environment," they said.

In the statement, they also called on scientists, scientific organizations and
academic communities around the world to pay attention to the major crisis,
jointly defend international standards of academic exchanges and ensure that
scientific research is not politicized.

After learning of the ban, Zhang Haixia, a professor at Peking University and a
20-year member of the IEEE, submitted an open letter on Friday resigning from
the organization and stepping down from the editorial board.

On Monday morning, Zhang said she received a letter from the president of the
IEEE, Jose M.F. Moura, notifying her that the ban had been lifted. "This is the
best news I've heard after sending my open letter," she said.

She said in a follow-up open letter replying to Moura that she will rejoin the
IEEE editorial board. "It is a good thing for the IEEE to lift the restrictions.
It is thanks to the firm statements made by many Chinese associations that the
IEEE made such a quick response," she said.

"Academics should be independent and separated from politics. This is the bottom
line of academic research and cannot be violated," she said.

Zou Shuo contributed to this story.

zhangyangfei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/04/2019 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/4/155960943584.jpg

a41f726b05111e5ff4410a.jpg


                             104 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 4, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Efforts urged to address protectionism

BYLINE: Wang Xu in Tokyo

BODY:

Asian political figures and economic experts have expressed common concerns over
the intensifying trade dispute between China and the United States and are
calling for integrated efforts to address global challenges like unilateralism
and protectionism.

"We are all facing an upcoming economic crisis," warned Chen Deming, former
minister of commerce.

Chen made the remark at a two-day gathering in Tokyo last week at which
political, economic and academic leaders from the Asia-Pacific region shared
concerns on the region's future.

Chen said that Asian countries should unite to build a fair and transparent new
international economic order and turn crises into opportunities.

Cambodian Prime Minister Samdech Techo Hun Sen said that Asia is facing complex
and complicated challenges, especially from "protectionism, trade wars and
geopolitical crises".

Chen said that Asian nations have participated in and upgraded global value
chains, leading to improved regional economic integration and deeper involvement
in the global economy. "Asia, has gradually become the most promising region for
growth and an important constructive force for global economic governance."

He urged Asian countries, especially China and Japan, to cooperate in a mutually
beneficial way to plan for the long-term prosperity and stability of the region
and the world.

Chen said the economic structures of China and Japan are highly complementary as
Japan is an international leader in fields such as high-end manufacturing,
artificial intelligence, hydrogen fuel cells and ecological conservation, while
China has over 400 million middle-income citizens which means "enormous
consumption potential".

"It is only a matter of time before China becomes the world's largest market for
consumer goods," Chen said. "In the coming 15 years, it is estimated that China
will import over $30 trillion in goods and $10 trillion in services."

To promote regional integration in Asia, Chen said it is imperative to reach
consensus in the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership and
China-Japan-South Korea Free Trade Agreement negotiations as soon as possible.

"I believe that the conclusion of market access negotiations between China and
Japan will send a positive signal to all negotiating parties and contribute to
the objective of reaching an agreement within this year."

Fearing an escalated China-US trade dispute could undermine countries like
Cambodia, Hun Sen said Asia's achievements are mostly derived from promoting
free trade and multilateralism.

"Globalization is a trend that has spurred significant economic growth and
created unprecedented conditions for poverty reduction," he said, adding that
unilateral decisions only "destabilize state-to-state relationships and raise
tensions in the international community".

Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad urged the US and China to make
concessions in their disputes, and also referenced US moves against Chinese tech
giant Huawei.

"While the US has long had a strong research and development capability, they
must accept that this capability can also be found in the East."

Concerning the current stance the US has taken toward China, Heng Swee Keat,
Singapore's deputy prime minister and finance minister, said, "The US has to
accept that it has no better option but to work with China because trying to
contain it will result in worse outcomes."

wangxu@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/04/2019 page3)


                             105 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 4, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: China to issue 5G licenses soon

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

China will soon issue commercial licenses for 5G, as the country has established
an edge in the superfast wireless technology, both in domestic innovation and
international cooperation, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology
said on Monday.

Lead in superfast technology paves way for commercial use

China will soon issue commercial licenses for 5G, as the country has established
an edge in the superfast wireless technology, both in domestic innovation and
international cooperation, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology
said on Monday.

The move marks an accelerated push by China to commercialize 5G, a technology
widely recognized as having strategic importance in fueling industrial upgrading
and economic growth, analysts said.

The ministry said in a statement that "with joint efforts of all parties, China
has built a foundation for commercialization of 5G", and that it will issue
commercial 5G licenses in the near future.

Although the statement did not specify a date for license issuance, it sent a
clear signal that China will soon officially enter the first round of the 5G
revolution.

According to the ministry, China's 5G industry has established an edge by
adhering to the combination of innovation and open cooperation. As of May,
Chinese companies accounted for more than 30 percent of all essential patents
related to international standards for 5G.

Meanwhile, a string of foreign companies, including Nokia, Ericsson, Qualcomm
and Intel, have participated in three phases of technical tests organized by
China to get their 5G products and solutions ready for commercial use in the
country.

"As always, we welcome domestic and foreign enterprises to actively participate
in China's 5G network construction and application promotion, and jointly share
the opportunities," the ministry said.

The move marks an accelerated push by China to apply 5G. Its previous plan was
to commercialize the technology in 2020. The next-generation tech is expected to
be at least 10 times faster than 4G and its huge capacity to connect things will
enable smart factories, self-driving vehicles and other applications.

Gong Daning, a senior engineer at the China Academy of Information and
Communications Technology, a think tank, said China is in a pioneering position
globally in the development of medium-frequency 5G telecom gear, smartphones and
chips.

"More important, China is open to all players. Foreign companies such as
Qualcomm and Intel are members of the nation's 5G working group, which was
established in 2013, and they have played an important role in bringing China's
5G industrial chain to maturity," Gong said.

The country's three telecom carriers are expected to spend 900 billion to 1.5
trillion yuan ($130 billion to $217 billion) on 5G network construction from
2020 to 2025, according to a report from the academy.

Markus Borchert, president of Nokia China, said in a reply to China Daily on
Monday, "This is great news that the 5G commercial rollout will start soon in
China, and the cooperation with multinational companies is highly recognized by
the Chinese government, which makes us more confident in the healthy, steady and
sustainable development of China's 5G industry." Borchert said Nokia China will
leverage its technological advantages and years of experience in serving local
customers to promote China's active engagement in the global 5G ecosystem.

Swedish telecom equipment manufacturer Ericsson said on Monday that it has
maintained long-term friendships with China's telecom carriers and is ready to
partner with local companies to promote 5G deployment.

China is set to become the world's largest 5G market by 2025, with 460 million
5G users, according to a forecast by the Global System for Mobile Communications
Association, an industry group.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

An engineer stands under a 5G base station antenna in Huawei's Songshan Lake
Manufacturing Center in Dongguan, Guangdong province, on Thursday. Jason Lee /
Reuters

(China Daily 06/04/2019 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/36/155960943642.jpg

a41f726b05111e5ff41b09.jpg


                             106 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 3, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Official probe against FedEx initiated

BYLINE: Cui Jia

BODY:

China launched an investigation into FedEx because the United States express
delivery service provider allegedly failed to deliver parcels to designated
addresses, a violation of Chinese postal regulations, a senior official said,
adding that all foreign delivery companies should obey local regulations when
operating in China.

The State Post Bureau did not disclose how many parcels were allegedly rerouted,
and said it recently received complaints from an unspecified number of FedEx
clients saying the company rerouted their parcels to destinations other than the
designated addresses without informing them or asking for permission.

This has seriously violated relevant laws and regulations of China's express
industry and harmed the legitimate rights of Chinese clients, so the Chinese
authorities decided to launch the investigation, Ma Junsheng, the bureau head,
said in a statement on its website on Sunday.

"The fundamental rule of express services is that the service provider must
deliver parcels to designated addresses and receivers. Postal service
administrators have the right to look into any violations," he said without
mentioning the names of the clients that lodged complaints.

On Saturday, China announced that FedEx was put under investigation after Huawei
Technologies Co claimed that FedEx, without providing any detailed explanation,
diverted two parcels postmarked from Japan and destined for company addresses in
China to the US. The Chinese telecommunications equipment maker also said FedEx
attempted to reroute two other packages sent from Vietnam to Huawei addresses
elsewhere in Asia without authorization.

"Express service providers should never interrupt normal services for
noncommercial purposes," Ma said.

"FedEx values our business in China. Our relationship with Huawei Technologies
and our relationships with all of our customers in China are important to us,"
the company said in a statement posted on its website on Saturday.

"FedEx holds itself to a very high standard of service. FedEx will fully
cooperate with any regulatory investigation into how we serve our customers," it
said.

On Tuesday, FedEx China said in a statement that a small number of Huawei
parcels were rerouted by mistake.

"It's quite unusual for FedEx to reroute all four parcels by mistake. If they
did, they will be held responsible for contract infringement," said Yin
Shaocheng, an associate professor of law at Capital University of Economics and
Business.

Huawei was among the Chinese tech companies recently entered onto the US' Entity
List which bans US companies from selling components and software to them.

Vice-Minister of Commerce Wang Shouwen said there is no need to over-interpret
the case, since "foreign companies will be investigated when possible violations
occur in accordance with Chinese laws". Wang said China always protects the
legitimate interests of foreign investors.

cuijia@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/03/2019 page1)


                             107 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 3, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: How technology helps people realize long cherished dreams

BYLINE: Ullattil Manranjith

BODY:

By the time this column appears in print, somewhere in the world someone will
have introduced a new gadget or app. Such is the speed of technological
progress.

When it comes to technology, I must confess I am still a novice, at best a
pedestrian. Or rather in geek parlance, zillions of light years away. But one
thing that has long fascinated me has been the rapid growth of technology-based
applications in recent times and how they continue to blossom, despite the
rising trade frictions between countries.

Although the newspapers these days are filled with stories of Chinese tech giant
Huawei being subjected to unfair trade practices in developed markets like the
United States, little has been said about how Chinese apps are not only gaining
traction in India but making a difference through social empowerment.

My interest in the subject came after I read the story of how Ashok Kumar, from
Salem, a small town in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu, fulfilled his
lifelong ambition of being a playback singer after he was noticed through the
TikTok (Douyin) videos he posted to friends.

At first glance, there is nothing remarkable to read into the narrative, as it
is an oft-repeated storyboard. But the difference here is that the user is a
relatively uneducated person who is not a technology freak, and the platform is
a Chinese one, owned by Beijing-based ByteDance, the world's most valuable
startup, valued at $75 billion.

Chinese-made smartphones are already extremely popular in India, and Xiaomi,
Huawei, Oppo and Vivo have not only outpaced competitors including Apple,
Samsung and Sony but have entered the next stage of development.

In the app space, the Chinese players are far ahead of the competition in India,
having apparently found the perfect recipe for success in what is one of the
fastest-growing markets in the world, experts said. By the end of last year,
there were 44 Chinese apps in the top 100 Google Playstore apps in India,
compared with just 17 at the end of 2017, according to SensorTower, a company
that offers mobile application insights and analysis.

Companies such as ByteDance have been extremely successful because of their
localization strategy, said T.B. Nair, an independent commentator in Bengaluru,
India. The combination of experience, resources and products is what is making
Chinese apps successful in India, he said.

TikTok, an application that allows users to create and upload videos of up to 15
seconds and share them with other users, has roughly 200 million users in India,
according to data from Statista, a German database company. Nearly 40 percent of
TikTok's 500 million users globally are from India.

Liu Zhen, senior vice-president of corporate development at Byte-Dance, told the
Economic Times in a recent interview that short videos are increasingly becoming
a choice for people across the world to express, create and interact. And that,
to some extent, also explains TikTok's success in US, where it has more than 1
million users.

It is not just TikTok that is making waves. Relatively unknown apps such as
Tantan are also gaining traction. The Chinese dating app is currently the
fifth-most-popular in India in terms of monthly active users on Apple iOS and
Google Android phones, according to App Annie, an analytics company. Alibaba's
UC News, a news app has more than 50 million users.

Other Chinese apps like Helo and SHAREit, and mobile games such as PUBG, Clash
of Kings, and Mobile Legends are also gaining more users.

But with the growth have come challenges for companies. TikTok faced a slew of
problems in India after a court ordered it banned for hosting objectionable
content. The ban was revoked only after the company agreed to tighten its
internal controls.

The real challenge for companies will come when they have to develop more local
content in a variety of languages and ensure that they do not run into rough
weather with local and central authorities, experts said. Cutthroat domestic
competition and a saturated internet market in China have left many of these app
developers with no choice but to explore greener pastures in markets such as
India, Nair said.

Over the years much has been written about the need to find synergy. But for
many like me (having spent a decade in China), the real synergy will come when
there is harmony and unity between China's hardware progress and India's rising
software capabilities for win-win cooperation.

On a lighter side, I, too, decided to take the TikTok plunge but was brought
back to reality by my teenage daughter, who said that by the time I master the
technology, it will be outdated. Indeed, time flies, and so does technology.

Contact the writer at ullattil@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/03/2019 page22)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/90/155952296041.jpg

a41f726b05111e5ea5d422.jpg


                             108 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 3, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: On chinadaily.com.cn

BODY:

Culture: Photo showhighlights aging

Photos contrasting what young people look like now with what they may look like
in old age are on display at The Art of Aging exhibition in Kunming, Yunnan
province. The photos were taken by a local photographer, who applied special
makeup that made the young people's faces appear dry and wrinkled. He then
recorded their first responses to the "new look". The exhibition offers
audiences an opportunity to observe the passing of time as they imagine and
reflect on aging.

Rankings: World's topsmartphone makers

Market researcher IDC recently released the latest ranking of smartphone vendors
based on their market share in the first quarter. Samsung retained its top spot
with a market share of 23.1 percent, followed by Huawei with a 19 percent share.
Among the top six, four are from China - Huawei, Xiaomi, Vivo and OPPO.

World: Tiny McDonald's opens for bees

The world's smallest McDonald's has opened its doors in Sweden and it has
everyone buzzing - literally. Called the McHive, the tiny McDonald's is not
serving burgers and fries to fans of fast food. It's actually a fully
functioning beehive for thousands of bees. The McHive features two drive-thru
windows, a patio and outdoor seating, sleek wood paneling and McDonald's
advertisements in the windows.

Travel: Greek port luringChinese visitors

Piraeus, Greece's largest port, says it's interested in securing more cruise
passengers from China, acknowledging that the potential of the Chinese market is
huge, according to Piraeus Port Authority. At the fifth Posidonia Sea Tourism
Forum recently, PPA Strategic Planning and Marketing Manager Theodora Riga
stressed the importance of attracting more visitors from China. She said, "We
are constantly seeking to promote Piraeus as a destination for Chinese cruise
passengers." China is the second-largest source market for cruise tourism
globally, with 2.4 million passengers per year, some distance behind the United
States with 11.4 million passengers.

(China Daily 06/03/2019 page22)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/31/155952296077.jpg

a41f726b05111e5ea61826.jpg


                             109 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              June 3, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Tech competitor is being choked, but China is learning

BYLINE: Ian Goodrum

BODY:

Seems like the United States doesn't just make washing machines or pork rinds -
it's in the hostage-taking business, too.

At least that's what it looks like after the US Department of Commerce announced
Shenzhen-based tech giant Huawei would be put on the "Entity List", a ledger of
firms legally prohibited from trade with the US based on - well, based on
whatever reason President Donald Trump pulls out of thin air.

Pretty smart way to run a global economy. But with such ire thrown a single
company's way, you might be wondering what all the fuss is about.

The answer is as predictable as it is simple.

Germany, Great Britain and other countries in the European Union were recently
considering Huawei-based infrastructure for their 5G wireless networks. Adoption
of this technology would represent a communications sea change and a big
economic loss for the US.

So you can guess what happened next. The US begged and pleaded for its allies to
freeze the company out over "security concerns". But those pleas mostly fell on
deaf ears due to lack of proof. So it's no great mystery why the US has acted
this way - its traditional partners weren't doing its bidding, thus a
brute-force solution was required.

This is not without precedent. The 2018 trade ban on Chinese telecom outfit ZTE
was a "Sputnik moment" for Chinese tech. Trump showed then he had no interest in
playing by any set of rules but his own, and the punitive tactics against that
company showed the rest of the industry it had to prepare for a similar assault.

By stockpiling components and dedicating more resources to building operating
systems and chipware of their own, Huawei and others took steps to protect
themselves from the inevitable.

Recent US moves singling out Huawei show the prudence of such a strategy - and
not just at an enterprise level. National policy to safeguard domestic companies
has proven quite wise, given the current hostile climate.

To say nothing of what this does to US tech's credibility. By following Trump's
lead, Google has shown its true colors. Many lamented the company's exit from
the Chinese mainland, wondering what possible reason there would be to keep a
transnational colossus like Google from operating. Well, now we know - the
second the US government asked it to enact an explicitly political demand, it
did so without hesitation.

Imagine if the Chinese tech industry had totally relied on Google software and
applications, and an order like this one came down from on high. The US could
hold the entire country's smartphones hostage for as long as it liked. This
takes on a new level of irony when you remember the US case against Huawei
hinges on unproven claims the company is beholden to the Chinese government.
After recent events, it's tempting to think, "Oh, like Google?"

And I'm only half-joking there. This belligerent move gives us an opportunity to
re-evaluate the supposedly benevolent nature of US tech. Saturated by a media
storm slandering their competitors, it's easy to forget US internet behemoths do
the bidding of their government on a regular basis.

Facebook conspired with the National Security Agency for its PRISM surveillance
program, and Amazon built a computing cloud for the Central Intelligence Agency.
Google joined PRISM around the same time as Facebook, but its relationship with
intel-gathering agencies goes even deeper; it is the product of CIA and NSA
research grants.

So it's abundantly clear a Google or Facebook given free rein to operate would
be something of a "fox in the henhouse" - albeit one that keeps its hunger in
check long enough to build a customer base among the chickens.

But that's not the only wrinkle in this story. As these companies move into new
markets they sap burgeoning domestic rivals of their innovative oomph. They
leverage economies of scale to dominate and drive out smaller "underdogs",
becoming synonymous with the services they provide.

In doing so, they grow into gargantuan hyper-monopolies, wielding a level of
influence previously held only by large countries.

Ultimately, they answer to their home nations - in this case the US -
functioning as "soft power" organs while claiming nominal autonomy. This is
imperialism for the 21st century; the kind of mechanism for worldwide
consolidation of capital Vladimir Lenin observed when he wrote his seminal text
over 100 years ago.

There's no telling what the technological landscape might look like without this
corporate oligarchy in the driver's seat. Rather than the "Big Four" US-based
companies-Google, Amazon, Apple and Facebook, backed by the economic and
military might of the planet's only superpower - dictating what everyone else
does, we could see more equal partnerships sprout up among all countries, inside
and outside the developed world.

China has shown it's possible to build independent industry and scrape one's way
out of a colonial destiny. What might a Nigeria, Bolivia or Pakistan do in
similar circumstances? What kinds of new developments would we see in a tech
ecosystem not under the thumb of the Big Four?

Labor is only one area where an alternate state of affairs holds appeal. At
present, with their concentrated resources and power, these companies can siphon
top workers from across the globe, leading to an international "brain drain"
that dries up home countries' talent pools. This leaves those domestic sectors
in the lurch, as US megacorps have "kicked away the ladder" they used to climb
to the top.

We see echoes of this phenomenon in the trade "grievances" the US has brought
against China - a topic for another time. But no matter how you look at it, this
regime of coercion and control denies former colonial subjects their chance to
rise up and become strong, sovereign nations.

You'd be forgiven for thinking this practice reproduces those old exploitative
relations - but of course the innocent, freedom-loving US would never do such a
thing.

Just like all other measures taken against Huawei - and China in a broader sense
- this is an attempt to choke out a competitor and maintain US hegemony through
the foreseeable future.

It happened to Japan in the 1980s, and the playbook has changed little in the
intervening years. The difference between then and now is China was watching,
and learning.

There won't be a present-day Plaza Accords, where China buckles to pressure and
concedes key planks of the system that has had unprecedented success. And these
strongarm tactics won't work, either. Fair negotiations don't happen when one
party has a gun to the other's head.

China already knows what it's like to suffer under the yoke of a colonial
master. No matter what the US or anyone else tries, it won't do so again.

The writer is a copy editor with China Daily's website chinadaily.com.cn.

The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do not necessarily
represent the views of China Daily.

Employees work on a mobile phone production line at Huawei's factory in
Dongguan, Guangdong province, China. US' strong arm tactics, coercion, control
to thwart China's economic rise won't work. Reuters

(China Daily 06/03/2019 page15)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/78/155952296981.jpg

a41f726b05111e5ea3fe0c.jpg


                             110 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 1, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Huawei ban worries firms in rural US

BYLINE: May Zhou in Houston

BODY:

Uncertainty over the deployment of Huawei equipment is starting to cause
headaches for rural communications providers in the United States.

First, the Federal Communication Commission, an independent agency of the US
government that regulates interstate communications by radio, television, wire,
satellite, and cable, announced it was contemplating cuts in funding to
companies that use Huawei equipment to provide phone and internet service to
rural areas.

Later, US President Donald Trump issued an order that bars US telecommunications
networks from acquiring or using equipment from foreign suppliers.

Next the Department of Commerce opened a 90-day window to allow companies
relying on Huawei equipment for crucial services to continue operations for the
time being.

The moves worry rural broadband companies that use Huawei equipment that they
will be forced to replace with other brands, which would be costly.

According to a report by Fierce Wireless, a wireless industry monitor, trade
association Rural Wireless Association has estimated that Huawei equipment is
used by 25 percent of US rural wireless carriers.

It is estimated that it would cost small providers $800 million to $1 billion to
replace all of its Huawei equipment, and could mean bankruptcy for many of the
smaller operators.

Big providers like AT&T, T-Mobile and Verizon don't focus on providing wireless
service to sparsely populated regions of only a few hundred or thousand, as the
money is to be made in denser urban areas.

So rural US depends on smaller companies to keep them connected.

Jim Kail, president and CEO of one such company, LHTC Broadband, calls it
unfortunate that his company is caught in the trade war between China and US.

LHTC Broadband, which employs more than 50 people and is headquartered in
Stahlstown, provides local phone, long distance, internet and cable television
services to customers across 500 square kilometers of rural Pennsylvania.

In 2014, LHTC decided to use Huawei equipment to provide services to its 2,000
customers.

"Huawei is competitively priced and turned out to be of good quality," said
Kail. "The other products are good quality, but more of a price issue."

He is not convinced that Huawei equipment poses a threat to national security.
He said he has yet to see proof that there is some sort of spying mechanism
embedded in the equipment.

"If you have a true potential national security threat, how could you sign an
offer, a bargain that allows you to continue? If it's a national security
threat, you can't let somebody jeopardize your network, you can't compromise the
issue," he said.

For him, the pressure is building. "To the end users, this is a transparent
solution," he said. "They don't know what brand is on the equipment. The
customer doesn't care which vendor you are using."

Kail said that with all the uncertainty, the company is being forced to abandon
considering Huawei as the solution for new projects.

"We are caught in the middle of it. We just have to see how it will play out,"
he said.

mayzhou@chinadailyusa.com

(China Daily 06/01/2019 page8)


                             111 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 1, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Mexico to face new US tariffs over migration

BYLINE: William Hennelly in New York

BODY:

US President Donald Trump said on Thursday that "to address the emergency at the
Southern Border", he would impose a 5 percent tariff on all goods imported from
Mexico, effective June 10.

Trump threatens further action if steps not taken to mitigate crisis at border

US President Donald Trump said on Thursday that "to address the emergency at the
Southern Border", he would impose a 5 percent tariff on all goods imported from
Mexico, effective June 10.

"I am invoking the authorities granted to me by the International Emergency
Economic Powers Act," Trump said. "If the illegal migration crisis is alleviated
through effective actions taken by Mexico, to be determined in our sole
discretion and judgment, the tariffs will be removed," he said in a statement.

Trump said, however, that "if the crisis persists", the tariffs will be
increased to 10 percent on July 1.

"Similarly, if Mexico still has not taken action to dramatically reduce or
eliminate the number of illegal aliens crossing its territory into the United
States, tariffs will be increased to 15 percent on Aug 1, 2019, to 20 percent on
Sept 1, 2019, and to 25 percent on Oct 1, 2019.

"Tariffs will permanently remain at the 25 percent level unless and until Mexico
substantially stops the illegal inflow of aliens coming through its territory,"
the statement said.

Trump said that "workers who come to our country through the legal admissions
process, including those working on farms, ranches, and in other businesses,
will be allowed easy passage".

The announcement took a toll on stock futures, as Dow futures were down 192
points at 8:10 pm, while S&P 500 futures fell 21 points. The Mexican peso was
lower by about 2 percent.

Mexico's Deputy Foreign Minister for North America Jesus Seade said that it
would be disastrous if Trump goes through with his threat to impose new tariffs
on Mexico.

Investors' focus up to now had been on the US tariff escalation against China
and the administration's moves to largely cut off Chinese tech giant Huawei
Technologies Co Ltd from US business.

"We have confidence that Mexico can and will act swiftly to help the United
States stop this long-term, dangerous, and deeply unfair problem. The United
States has been very good to Mexico for many years," Trump said.

Trump said he "will not stand by and allow our sovereignty to be eroded, our
laws to be trampled, or our borders to be disrespected anymore".

'Not the only victim'

Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said on Friday that Beijing is
not the only victim of US trade bullying.

Measures currently taken by China are to safeguard its legitimate rights and
interests, as well as uphold multilateralism and global free trade system, he
said.

Earlier on Thursday, the Trump administration took a procedural action aimed at
speeding up a vote in Congress on the new North American trade deal, but the
move rankled House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, who has sought more time to review the
pact.

US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer submitted a draft statement of
administrative action to congressional leaders, which allows the White House to
submit the text of the agreement to Congress after 30 days for a vote.

Republicans, who control the US Senate, have been seeking a vote on the new
US-Mexico-Canada Agreement, or USMCA, before the August recess to avoid budget
debates and 2020 presidential campaign activity expected to intensify in the
autumn.

But legislative time is running short as Democrats, led by Pelosi, seek
improvements in the trade deal's enforcement of new labor and environmental
standards. Pelosi controls the schedule for trade legislation.

She said in a statement that submission of the draft at this time was "not a
positive step". Pelosi added that her fellow Democrats had "been on a path to
yes" on USMCA, but stronger enforcement provisions were needed for the pact.

Zhou Jin in Beijing and Reuters contributed to this story.

williamhennelly@chinadailyusa.com

(China Daily 06/01/2019 page8)


                             112 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 1, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Robust industrial chain to offset risks from trade disputes

BYLINE: Zhong Nan and Ren Xiaojin

BODY:

The country's advanced industrial chain will ensure that Sino-US trade friction
risks remain limited and manageable for centrally-administrated State-owned
enterprises, a senior official said on Friday.

Weng Jieming, vice-chairman of the State-owned Assets Supervision and
Administration Commission of the State Council, said though the United States
has been escalating trade disputes with China, which in turn has led to negative
influences for the global economy, its impact on central SOEs is limited and
controllable.

The official made the remarks after the US government raised tariffs on Chinese
goods from May 10 and restricted Huawei's business operations, harming the
interests of companies and financial markets from both sides.

Amid escalating trade friction, central SOEs reported steady profit growth in
the first four months of 2019 as their combined profits saw year-on-year growth
of 13 percent to 435.68 billion yuan ($63.1 billion) during the period.
Companies in sectors such as manufacturing, defense, transport and construction
outperformed the others, data from SASAC show.

The SOEs also made 547.4 billion yuan investment in fixed assets from January to
April, up 10.8 percent year-on-year, while 66.9 percent of such investment
flooded into the high-tech sector.

"The reality is that core technologies cannot be purchased or demanded from
another party. We will increase investment in research and development in many
fields as well as accelerate the application of scientific and technological
achievements," said Weng.

Since the launch of China's reform and opening-up, a number of central SOEs have
emerged with avant-garde technology and excelled in areas such as manned
spacecraft, lunar exploration project, deep-sea exploration, high-speed railway,
ultra-high-voltage power transmission and transformation and mobile
communications, said Weng.

The total assets overseen by the SASAC are currently worth 58 trillion yuan. A
total of 48 central SOEs including China National Petroleum Corp and Sinochem
Group have made it to the Fortune Global 500 rankings in 2018.

Central SOEs have expanded their presence in more than 180 countries and regions
across the world to carry out a full range of cooperation, especially in
economies participating in the Belt and Road Initiative, data from the SASAC
show.

Weng said central SOEs need to further strengthen cooperation with companies of
various ownership - be it centrally or locally-administered SOEs, private or
foreign companies, to reinforce the growth engine and cut risks.

For the next step, the SASAC said that it will vigorously adjust central SOEs'
administrative and operational structure, speed up the transformation and
upgrading, and promote the high quality of enterprise development, in particular
in the manufacturing sector.

The government will also focus on key areas, leading companies and strategic
emerging industries to deploy financial resources and manpower, said Gao
Minghua, director of the Research Center for Corporate Governance and Enterprise
Development at Beijing Normal University.

Contact the writers at zhongnan@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/01/2019 page5)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/27/155934293792.jpg

a41f726719b21e5bf84612.jpg


                             113 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 1, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Firms must pay the price for harming China's interests

BODY:

China's decision to release a list of "unreliable" foreign companies,
organizations and individuals that fail to abide by market rules, and violate
contracts by blocking Chinese companies for non-business reasons and infringe
upon their legal rights is in response to the recent developments that have
seriously harmed China's interests.

The detailed measures are yet to be released, but the Ministry of Commerce's
decision on Friday is to safeguard China's and Chinese companies' interests.

Citing baseless reasons, the US government has raised tariffs on Chinese goods
and effectively banned the sales of products made by Huawei, Chinese
telecommunications equipment maker and leading 5G player. The White House has
forced US and foreign companies and organizations to sever their business links
with Huawei in a bid to throttle the Chinese company and harm the broader
interests of Chinese enterprises and individuals.

China has always believed in resolving its trade disputes with the US and other
countries through negotiations on an equal footing. But the United States
administration has used these negotiations to put forward higher and
unreasonable demands, which deliberately are aimed at harming China's economic
and strategic interests. This leaves China no choice but to resolutely hit back,
in order to safeguard its legitimate interests.

China welcomes foreign companies, including those from the US, to invest in
China and share the fruits of its fast and stable development. Foreign companies
investing in China have played an important role in China's growth and, in
return, have made handsome profits from the country's fast-paced development. In
fact, the profits many multinationals have made from the Chinese market have
accounted for the lion's share of their overall global profits.

And since China has become an increasingly important market for them, the least
they can do is to respect its interests.

China has made it clear that it will continue to welcome foreign investment. To
that end, it has opened more sectors, including the financial sector, to foreign
enterprises recently, and improved the domestic business environment, among
other things, by strengthening intellectual property rights protection.

But this open stance toward foreign companies does not mean China will tolerate
those companies that cooperate with the US or other countries' governments,
without a valid reason, to damage China's national, industrial and corporate
interests. And if they decide to harm China's interests, they should be prepared
to pay the price for doing so.

(China Daily 06/01/2019 page4)


                             114 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 1, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: 'Obsessive' Washington should stop repeating 'lies'

BYLINE: Wang Qingyun

BODY:

Washington should stop "repeating fallacies" about US-China trade friction and
put an end to its unilateral and protectionist moves, Beijing said on Friday,
responding to US President Donald Trump's recent comments.

Trump said on Thursday that China "broke the deal" and the US tariffs "are
having a devastating effect on China", according to Reuters. He also said China
"is becoming a very weakened nation" due to the tariffs and wants to reach a
deal with the US very much.

Dismissing the remarks at a daily news conference, Foreign Ministry spokesman
Geng Shuang said the US "seems obsessive" in "repeating these lies".

True confidence comes from going with the trend of the times and winning public
support, not from repeating lies or illusions, Geng said, adding that the US'
unilateral and protectionist measures have faced strong opposition from its
people and widespread criticism from the international community.

"I would like to tell the US again not to overrate the effect of its rumors or
underrate others' ability to make judgments," Geng said. "We hope the US will
clearly understand the situation, pull back before it's too late and return to
the right track," he said.

Earlier this month, Geng said China is capable of overcoming the impact that the
US moves will have on its economy, and that the US's comments on the Chinese
economy were false, after Trump said on Twitter companies will be leaving China
due to the US tariffs, and that China wants a deal "so badly".

Also on Friday, Geng urged the US to stop attacking Huawei, a telecommunications
company it has targeted during the trade friction.

"It is very disgraceful and immoral that the US uses its state power and set in
motion the whole state apparatus to crack down on a private Chinese company,"
Geng said, adding that the US hasn't provided any evidence to prove that
Huawei's products or services pose security risks.

"We hope the US will stop the wrong action, which is not at all commensurate
with its status as a major country," he said.

wangqingyun@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/01/2019 page3)


                             115 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 1, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: China hits US with blacklist in trade move

BYLINE: Zhong Nan, Ren Xiaojin and Ma Si

BODY:

China will establish a list of "unreliable entities" - a blacklist of foreign
parties that harm the interests of Chinese companies, the Ministry of Commerce
said on Friday.

'Unreliable entities' will face sanctions for damaging domestic companies

China will establish a list of "unreliable entities" - a blacklist of foreign
parties that harm the interests of Chinese companies, the Ministry of Commerce
said on Friday.

Foreign companies, organizations and individuals that fail to comply with market
rules, violate the spirit of contracts, block or cut supplies to Chinese firms
for noncommercial reasons and that seriously damage the legitimate rights and
interests of Chinese enterprises will be added to the "unreliable entities",
ministry spokesman Gao Feng said at a media briefing on Friday.

Because of increasing uncertainties in the global economy, including rising
trade protectionism and unilateralism, the multilateral trading system is facing
severe challenges, and regular international commercial activities have been
disrupted, Gao said.

He added that some foreign entities have violated market principles and the
spirit of contracts and taken measures to block Chinese companies for
noncommercial purposes, threatening the safety and good of China, as well as the
global industrial chain.

China is making the list "to fight trade protectionism and safeguard China's
national security and the legitimate interests of the public", Gao said.

Gao made the remarks after the US government raised tariffs on Chinese goods on
May 10 and restricted Huawei Technologies Co's business operations, which he
said has harmed the interests of companies and financial markets on both sides.

Mei Xinyu, a researcher at the Chinese Academy of International Trade and
Economic Cooperation, said companies on the list will be restricted from
accessing the Chinese market, including selling products, making investments and
obtaining business licenses.

"They may also be banned from getting strategic goods from China, including but
not limited to rare earth materials," Mei said. For individuals, requests for
travel, employment and other activities in China will be denied.

Mei said China has been forced to take action, given what the US has done to the
country and its companies, adding that fighting is merely a tool to achieve
fairness.

"Our aim is to seek unity through fighting and to strive for equality, mutual
benefits and mutual respect. US companies and people may understand this," he
added. "People of all countries and enterprises should understand this."

Zhang Xiaoqiang, vice-chairman of the Beijing-based China Center for
International Economic Exchanges, said both the Chinese government and Huawei
have shown their strong opposition to the US generalization of national security
concepts.

The US has always claimed to support fair competition but has made a rough
administrative intervention with regard to Chinese companies that have
competitive advantage, he said, adding that this is only to ensure the China's
science and technology development remains dependent on the US.

"Huawei purchases billions of dollars of US products each year, and US
companies, including Apple and Hewlett-Packard have large-scale assembly
facilities in China," Zhang said. "These companies have all benefited from
China's development."

He said the US restrictions and crackdowns on Chinese companies are a shock to
the global supply chain and will hurt consumers in the US, too.

Contact the writers at zhongnan@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/01/2019 page1)


                             116 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 1, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Robust industrial chain to offset risks from trade disputes

BYLINE: Zhong Nan and Ren Xiaojin

BODY:

The country's advanced industrial chain will ensure that Sino-US trade friction
risks remain limited and manageable for centrally-administrated State-owned
enterprises, a senior official said on Friday.

Weng Jieming, vice-chairman of the State-owned Assets Supervision and
Administration Commission of the State Council, said though the United States
has been escalating trade disputes with China, which in turn has led to negative
influences for the global economy, its impact on central SOEs is limited and
controllable.

The official made the remarks after the US government raised tariffs on Chinese
goods from May 10 and restricted Huawei's business operations, harming the
interests of companies and financial markets from both sides.

Amid escalating trade friction, central SOEs reported steady profit growth in
the first four months of 2019 as their combined profits saw year-on-year growth
of 13 percent to 435.68 billion yuan ($63.1 billion) during the period.
Companies in sectors such as manufacturing, defense, transport and construction
outperformed the others, data from SASAC show.

The SOEs also made 547.4 billion yuan investment in fixed assets from January to
April, up 10.8 percent year-on-year, while 66.9 percent of such investment
flooded into the high-tech sector.

"The reality is that core technologies cannot be purchased or demanded from
another party. We will increase investment in research and development in many
fields as well as accelerate the application of scientific and technological
achievements," said Weng.

Since the launch of China's reform and opening-up, a number of central SOEs have
emerged with avant-garde technology and excelled in areas such as manned
spacecraft, lunar exploration project, deep-sea exploration, high-speed railway,
ultra-high-voltage power transmission and transformation and mobile
communications, said Weng.

The total assets overseen by the SASAC are currently worth 58 trillion yuan. A
total of 48 central SOEs including China National Petroleum Corp and Sinochem
Group have made it to the Fortune Global 500 rankings in 2018.

Central SOEs have expanded their presence in more than 180 countries and regions
across the world to carry out a full range of cooperation, especially in
economies participating in the Belt and Road Initiative, data from the SASAC
show.

Weng said central SOEs need to further strengthen cooperation with companies of
various ownership - be it centrally or locally-administered SOEs, private or
foreign companies, to reinforce the growth engine and cut risks.

For the next step, the SASAC said that it will vigorously adjust central SOEs'
administrative and operational structure, speed up the transformation and
upgrading, and promote the high quality of enterprise development, in particular
in the manufacturing sector.

The government will also focus on key areas, leading companies and strategic
emerging industries to deploy financial resources and manpower, said Gao
Minghua, director of the Research Center for Corporate Governance and Enterprise
Development at Beijing Normal University.

Contact the writers at zhongnan@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 06/01/2019 page5)


                             117 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             June 1, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Firms must pay the price for harming China's interests

BODY:

China's decision to release a list of "unreliable" foreign companies,
organizations and individuals that fail to abide by market rules, and violate
contracts by blocking Chinese companies for non-business reasons and infringe
upon their legal rights is in response to the recent developments that have
seriously harmed China's interests.

The detailed measures are yet to be released, but the Ministry of Commerce's
decision on Friday is to safeguard China's and Chinese companies' interests.

Citing baseless reasons, the US government has raised tariffs on Chinese goods
and effectively banned the sales of products made by Huawei, Chinese
telecommunications equipment maker and leading 5G player. The White House has
forced US and foreign companies and organizations to sever their business links
with Huawei in a bid to throttle the Chinese company and harm the broader
interests of Chinese enterprises and individuals.

China has always believed in resolving its trade disputes with the US and other
countries through negotiations on an equal footing. But the United States
administration has used these negotiations to put forward higher and
unreasonable demands, which deliberately are aimed at harming China's economic
and strategic interests. This leaves China no choice but to resolutely hit back,
in order to safeguard its legitimate interests.

China welcomes foreign companies, including those from the US, to invest in
China and share the fruits of its fast and stable development. Foreign companies
investing in China have played an important role in China's growth and, in
return, have made handsome profits from the country's fast-paced development. In
fact, the profits many multinationals have made from the Chinese market have
accounted for the lion's share of their overall global profits.

And since China has become an increasingly important market for them, the least
they can do is to respect its interests.

China has made it clear that it will continue to welcome foreign investment. To
that end, it has opened more sectors, including the financial sector, to foreign
enterprises recently, and improved the domestic business environment, among
other things, by strengthening intellectual property rights protection.

But this open stance toward foreign companies does not mean China will tolerate
those companies that cooperate with the US or other countries' governments,
without a valid reason, to damage China's national, industrial and corporate
interests. And if they decide to harm China's interests, they should be prepared
to pay the price for doing so.

(China Daily 06/01/2019 page4)


                             118 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 31, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Trade dispute clouds China's investment plans in Canada

BYLINE: Rena Li in Toronto

BODY:

The popular Collision tech summit in Toronto drew 25,711 attendees from 125
countries or regions, but only one company from the Chinese mainland.

Xiang Peng, vice-president of Tianwei Holding, a private company committed to
the development of smart city initiatives, said they were surprised to be the
only company from the Chinese mainland at the four-day tech summit, which
started on May 20 and attracted more than 100 trade delegations from around the
world. It also was the first time the fast-growing summit, now in its fifth
year, was held outside the US.

"Lots of people visited our booth and showed high interest in our technology,"
said Zhang Jiang, vice-general manager of the company's North America
subsidiary.

"Our parking lot-management system has been running pretty well in China, but
the parking system here in North America is still running in an old-fashioned
way. We have collaborated with Vancouver International Airport to test their
parking lot-control system."

Data showed that Chinese investment in Canada dropped by half as diplomatic
clashes escalated from the beginning of this year following the arrest of Huawei
CFO Meng Wanzhou after an extradition request by the US.

Investment in the IT sector fell 94 percent to $26 million in 2018 compared with
a year earlier.

According to Chinese Ambassador to Canada Lu Shaye, diplomatic relations have
hit "rock bottom" and are at a "freezing point" since the December arrest of
Meng.

"This is really unfortunate, since this is the result of actions taken by a
third country, i.e., not the result of actions initiated by either Canada or
China," said Yves Tiberghien, director at the University of British Columbia's
Institute of Asian Research and executive director of the UBC China Council.

Earlier this month, the Trump administration added Huawei Technologies Co Ltd to
a trade "Entity List" over national security concerns, effectively forbidding US
companies from doing business with the Chinese telecom giant.

A survey by the Canada China Business Council found about 20 percent of
companies from both nations have been negatively affected by the diplomatic
dispute.

Contracts have been canceled or postponed, and joint ventures have been delayed.
Chinese companies are hesitant to do business in Canada and vice versa.

But there are still innovators from Canada keeping an eye on the Chinese market.

Winning 1.15 million yuan ($166,556) at the Global Finals of the China
(Shenzhen) Innovation and Entrepreneurship International Competition, Morteza
Ahmadi, CEO of Qidni Labs, a Canadian startup that took the top prize for its
"world's smallest blood purification system", said it is seriously thinking
about the Chinese market and finding the best way to do business in China.

"China is the second-largest market for dialysis in the world after the United
States. We're looking for a potential partnership to develop our business," said
Ahmadi.

Ian G. McKay, CEO of Invest in Canada, said the country saw a 60 percent
increase in non-US foreign direct investment last year.

"As we move forward into a future that reflects a more sustainable world
economy, the $40 billion LNG (liquefied natural gas) Canada project, the
largest-ever private sector investment in Canada, is underway. Five countries
(including China) are in a partnership to source and send Canadian liquefied
natural gas to Asian economies," McKay told Canadian media.

renali@chinadailyusa.com

(China Daily 05/31/2019 page17)


                             119 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 31, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Sino-US trade conflict will have no winners

BODY:

Editor's Note: The trade friction between China and the United States
intensified after Washington barred Huawei and its affiliates from buying US
technology without government approval due to so-called security concerns, and
increased tariffs on $200 billion worth of Chinese imports earlier this month.
Here China Daily presents a collection of views on the impact of the trade
friction.

1.It is heartening to note that there is a circular argument underway. When the
US blocks Huawei, it also blocks its own export of chips to China, which in turn
has kept chip prices down. So it was never a zero-sum game to begin with.

Research by the GSMA suggests that the onset of 5G can conservatively increase
global GDP by $565 billion and $152 billion in tax revenue by 2034, producing 25
percent of the value created by millimeter-wave spectrum.

I don't see why the United States should frustrate potential global growth
prospects in these areas except to protect the failure of its own corporate
sector to influence the process.

2.Over the past 40 years through the efforts of both sides, China and the US
have gone from little mutual understanding and appreciation, to greater
interaction in every sphere of life. This interaction has brought great benefits
to both countries and their peoples.

The relationship, however, is complex and of great importance. It is not
surprising there would be setbacks and misunderstandings along the way. During
this time I have witnessed great progress and many instances where dialogue and
prolonged efforts have resolved difficult problems.

When there are not orderly mechanisms to resolve issues, the people of both
countries will be hurt - as US farmers and purveyors of US specialty goods such
as Kentucky bourbon are.

In my own field, Chinese patients might not get the benefit of the latest
technologies, because tariffs have made them prohibitively expensive. US
consumers may also soon see their cost of living increase, because Chinese-made
goods will become pricier.

The race to the bottom in a tariff war would hurt both countries and their
people, and not solve the problems at hand.

3.Australia is committed to the goal of trade liberalization. A negotiated
outcome consistent with global trade rules would be the best outcome for both
sides and for the region. A trade war would have no winners.

4.Experience shows US government advisers are unwitting masters of one of the 36
strategies - Feign madness, but keep your balance. The defense against this is
to continue negotiation, even when it appears it is without hope.

In these negotiations it will be necessary to "toss out a stone to get jade".
The peaceful settlement of this disagreement is the key long-term objective.

All levels of engagement by business and policymakers should be increased so a
more sophisticated understanding of China can be a foundation for policy and
trade discussion.

China's economy contributes 27 percent to world economic growth, versus the US
contribution of 12.3 percent, according to calculations by Bloomberg.

Working with the United States is important, but the development of the Belt and
Road Initiative will become more significant as alternative markets expand. Time
and history is on China's side. Today progress may be slow, but slow progress is
better than no progress.

5.The US is acting unilaterally, and whether or not it is found to be in breach
of its WTO commitments its behavior is against the principles of the
multilateral trading system.

To the extent it harms the rules-based system, this should be of concern to all
countries, not only China. All countries, including Australia, need to urge the
United States to adhere to the norms of the system that has served the
international community so well for the past 70 years.

Inevitably it will be resolved through negotiations and diplomacy, but at what
time and cost to every nation remains to be seen.

6.Protectionist policies are shortsighted. While they may have short-term
political appeal, in the long term they drag countries to the bottom and
guarantee lower living standards. We now live in a highly interconnected
globalized digital economy. Protectionist policies impact the entire world trade
system and matters can escalate quickly. Ultimately, there are no winners in a
global trade war.

7.The current trade conflict is hitting the Chinese auto market hard as the
worsening situation challenges consumer confidence pertaining to the direction
of economic development. Automakers from the US will be heavily affected as they
are the pioneers among international original equipment manufacturers to have a
global network of vehicle R&D as well as manufacturing.

(China Daily 05/31/2019 page15)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/8/155925669918.jpg

a41f726719b21e5aa5d123.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/61/155925669967.jpg

a41f726719b21e5aa5d524.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/97/155925670014.jpg

a41f726719b21e5aa5d825.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/78/155925670056.jpg

a41f726719b21e5aa5dc26.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/62/155925670098.jpg

a41f726719b21e5aa5e127.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/96/155925670140.jpg

a41f726719b21e5aa5e528.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/16/155925670188.jpg

a41f726719b21e5aa5e929.jpg


                             120 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 31, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: What's news

BODY:

Creative goods trade flourishing in China

The United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) said on
Wednesday that one of its recent reports on the creative economy shows that
China's trade in creative goods and services is outstripping those of other
countries and regions. This makes it the "driving force behind a prosperous
creative economy over the past 15 years," said UNCTAD in a statement. The report
tracked the country's performance in creative goods and services trade between
2002 and 2015 and found that China was the biggest exporter and importer. UNCTAD
said that China's trade in creative goods between 2002 and 2015 grew
exponentially, at an annual rate of 14 percent.

JAC, Volkswagen ink smart city project deal

Carmaker JAC, Volkswagen Group China and its wholly-owned subsidiary Mobility
Asia jointly inked an agreement this week in Barcelona, Spain, for a smart city
project in Anhui province where JAC is based. The cooperation marks a major
progress for the smart city project initiated by Volkswagen Group China, and
will give Hefei, capital of Anhui, a boost in car hailing, short-time vehicle
rental and autonomous driving technology in its way to become a world-class
advanced city. Li Jinbin, Party secretary of Anhui, Hefei Mayor Ling Yun, JAC
Chairman An Jin and CEO of Volkswagen Group China Stephan Wollenstein attended
the signing ceremony.

Huawei builds 5G innovation center

Huawei has set up a research center in Hefei, capital of East China's Anhui
province, aiming for innovation in the areas of 5G, artificial intelligence (AI)
and construction of digital government, local authorities said. The city
government said the center would have more cooperation with local universities
and scientific research institutes, including the University of Science and
Technology of China. Huawei's cooperation with USTC began in 1997, when they
jointly established an institute of information technology. The two sides have
since carried out more than 150 scientific research projects.

China Gateway program launched

Alibaba Cloud, the data intelligence backbone of Alibaba Group, launched the
China Gateway program on Thursday at the Alibaba Cloud APAC Summit with eight
local partners. "The program leverages the accumulated technological knowledge
and experience of Alibaba Cloud to help local businesses capture and capitalize
on growth opportunities in Asia and China," said a news release from Alibaba
Cloud. It added that through the local partners in Singapore, including the
Info-communications Media Development Authority, Enterprise Singapore, DBS SME
Banking and Singapore Chinese Chamber of Commerce and Industry, and around the
Asia-Pacific region, Alibaba Cloud will provide firms of all sizes with an
in-depth immersion program on doing business in China, connecting them to
Chinese companies and consumers via the Alibaba ecosystem.

Google bans in-app ordering of marijuana

Google is banning online ordering and delivering of marijuana via apps
downloaded from its Play Store, according to the latest update to its policy
guidelines. Google said it does not allow apps to facilitate the sale of
marijuana or marijuana products, no matter whether they are legal or not. Like
some states, California has legalized sales and consumption of cannabis for
recreational purposes for adults aged 21 years and older in January 2018, even
though marijuana remains illegal at federal level.

Unemployment rate in Germany rises

The number of unemployed people in Germany slightly rose by 7,000 to around 2.2
million in May, the German Federal Employment Agency (BA) announced. "The labor
market is beginning to show the first effects of the recent somewhat weaker
economic development," commented Detlef Scheele, head of the German employment
agency. In the first quarter this year, Germany's gross domestic product grew by
0.4 percent. The German government is expecting GDP to grow by only 0.5 percent
throughout the whole year, nearly 1 percent less compared to last year, when
Germany's economy grew by 1.4 percent.

Mexico's central bank cuts growth forecast

Mexico's Central Bank (Banxico) lowered the country's economic growth forecast
for this year on Wednesday to between 0.8 and 1.8 percent, from the previous
forecast of between 1.1 percent and 2.1 percent in February. It is the second
consecutive quarterly cut by the central bank this year. "The adjustment for
this year mainly reflects the fact that the economy's performance during the
first quarter was lower than forecast," said Banxico's governor Alejandro Diaz
de Leon while presenting the January to March inflation report. "But for the
following quarters, we anticipate that the economy will return to a path of
growth," he added.

China Daily - Agencies

(China Daily 05/31/2019 page14)


                             121 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 31, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Global standard setting bodies repose faith in Huawei

BYLINE: Cheng Yu and Ma Si

BODY:

Huawei Technologies Co remained in the list of some key global standard-setting
bodies against US government's restrictions on the country's tech firms, as the
world's largest telecom equipment maker continues its contribution to an open
and sustainable telecom community globally.

The move came as earlier reports last week said that Huawei has disappeared from
the member list of world groups dedicated in making standards related to the
information communications and technology industry, including JEDEC, SD
Association, Wi-Fi Alliance and USB-IF.

By Thursday, the Chinese tech giant remained in the membership list on the
websites of all four associations which set or promote standards in
semiconductor, memory card, wireless network and common interface respectively.

Industry insiders pointed out that retention of Huawei in most standard-making
groups reaffirms that standards organization plays a critical role in setting
rules for "common" rather than a single country or company and an isolated case
won't influence Huawei in the long term.

"Even if it is removed from the membership, a company can still adopt the
standards or develop its own technology outside of global standards," said Xiang
Ligang, director-general of Information Consumption Alliance, a telecom industry
association.

Even if the removal is true, it won't impact Huawei's business in the long term.
"The only bad impact is that Huawei may lose some voice in setting global
standards," he said.

"Standards in the ICT industry are usually common and open to companies
worldwide and the making of it requires global cooperation and partnership," he
said.

Huawei has joined more than 400 standards organizations, industry alliances, and
open source communities, in which its staff members have served in more than 400
key positions. The company submitted more than 5,000 standard proposals and
nearly 60,000 related articles last year, its annual report showed.

To date, PCI-SIG, a consortium that specifies the peripheral component
interconnect, which is used for attaching hardware devices in a computer, has
suspended Huawei's membership. The firm asked staff in an internal letter to ban
Huawei from any related email or activity due to Washington's embargo list.

The US government recently added Chinese tech champions including Huawei to its
Entity List due to so-called safety concerns, which would effectively ban US
companies from selling components and software to them.

As a latest response to US restrictions on Huawei, Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu
Kang said on Thursday that the US has been "racking its brains" to make up
various topics and mislead the public to suppress Huawei.

"But the US has dodged a topic that everybody cares about the most, which is
where on the earth can it provide the evidence to back its claims," Lu said.

Wang Qingyun contributed to this story.

Contact the writers at chengyu@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/31/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/73/155925670400.jpg

a41f726719b21e5aa4f718.jpg


                             122 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 31, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Huawei caught in the middle of trade brawl

BODY:

In a sign that the United States is ramping up its pressure on the Chinese
telecommunications giant Huawei, the New York-based Institute of Electrical and
Electronics Engineers has announced it now blocks Huawei employees from
reviewing submissions to its journals, citing "severe legal implications"
because of US government sanctions against the company.

The organization is best known for setting the standards for the computer and
electronics industry, and has long served as an open platform for scientists
worldwide to collaborate. On its website, it claims that it wants to "inspire a
global community to innovate for a better tomorrow".

Yet its discriminatory move to ban Huawei employees from reviewing its science
papers is incomprehensible to the scientific circle and beyond. It has not only
humiliated Chinese scientists as a group by putting their professional integrity
in doubt, but also curtailed academic freedom and ridiculed the institute's
claims to independence.

And it is especially unfair to Huawei, given that it has always been one of the
key players in the institute. In January, Huawei hosted an IEEE working group
meeting in Shenzhen, during which the company submitted proposals on how to
facilitate the development of smart cities by leveraging innovative technologies
such as the internet of things and cloud computing.

The IEEE may have come under immense pressure to boycott Huawei after all US
hardware and software vendors have been forced to give the Chinese company the
cold shoulder to comply with Washington's ban on supplying it components on the
pretext of national security concerns. US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo on
Wednesday again attacked Huawei, by claiming it has "deep connectivity" with and
has long spied for the Chinese government, charges without any substantiating
proof and accusations the company has remained steadfast in rejecting.

Such claims take a certain amount of chutzpah. Because although the US likes to
pretend that its big tech firms are archetypal startup success stories, they
thrived on US Department of Defense money, and they are among the top recipients
of federal and local government subsidies.

It is little surprise then that US companies are falling into line behind the
government given that they are such big beneficiaries of the US government's
largesse.

Breeding suspicion by dangling before the public's eyes "a danger from without",
as Albert Einstein described McCarthyism in a letter written in 1953, is exactly
what the US administration is doing to try and get an upper hand over China in
their ongoing tug-of-war.

The fact that Huawei does not represent a threat to the US was evidenced last
week when the US president told the press that he could use an offer to reverse
the blacklisting of the Chinese company as leverage in its trade talks with
China.

(China Daily 05/31/2019 page8)


                             123 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 31, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Australia should make efforts to improve relations

BYLINE: Pan Yixuan

BODY:

Editor's Note: The Liberal National coalition won the majority in the May 18
Australian election. However, many say the defeat of the opposition Labor Party
is not conducive to improving Sino-Australian relations. Is this true? Or, will
the new Australian coalition government help improve Sino-Australian ties? Two
experts share their views with China Daily's Pan Yixuan. Excerpts follow:

New Australian govt can improve ties with China

Liu Qing, head of Asia-Pacific studies at the China Institute of International
Studies

Although Sino-Australian relations suffered during the rule of conservative
Australian prime minister Malcolm Turnbull, the fact that the Liberal National
coalition will continue to lead Australia may not be bad for Beijing-Canberra
relations, because the coalition has said it is eager to mend relations with
China.

That Australia established the National Foundation for Australia-China Relations
with AUD44 million ($30 million) in March, and has appointed China expert Graham
Fletcher the new Australian ambassador to China and signed a free trade and
investment agreement with the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region signifies
that it is eager to repair relations with China, its largest trade partner.

But the fact that different Australian leaders and business sectors evaluate
China's economic significance differently poses a challenge to Beijing-Canberra
relations. For example, when answering a question recently about balancing
Australia's relations with the United States and China, incumbent Australian
Prime Minister Scott Morrison said there was no need to choose between the US, a
"friend", and China, a "customer".

Also, Australia's decision to ban Huawei, Chinese telecommunications equipment
maker, from its 5G technology network and implement the anti-foreign
interference law aimed at China are likely to affect bilateral relations.

Besides, the strong US-Australia alliance and the tension between Washington and
Beijing have reduced the space for Australia to strike the right balance in its
relations with the two countries. On the other hand, a recent Reuters report
said that "interviews with more than two dozen current and former Western
officials show it was the Australians who led the way in pressing for action on
5G".

But since China and Australia both support multilateralism and free trade,
Australia should adopt a new and pragmatic approach to its relations with China.
And the two countries should make joint efforts to overcome the difficulties
created by the changing global atmosphere and international relations.

Australia should make efforts to improve ties

Han Feng, a professor at Beijing Foreign Studies University, and senior research
fellow at the National Institute of International Strategy, Chinese Academy of
Social Sciences

Sino-Australian relations suffered a major setback after a period of rapid
development because Turnbull made some seriously flawed decisions
vis-[#xfffd][#xfffd]-vis China. Such is the state of bilateral relations now
that the Liberal National coalition and the Labor Party both said they wanted to
improve ties with China in their election manifestos. This has raised hopes that
Canberra will make greater efforts to improve ties with Beijing.

China is open to talks with Australia to improve bilateral relations. Yet the
coalition's policies and their implementation are of vital importance.

Australia, on its part, should carefully evaluate bilateral relations, and take
measures to resolve disputes through talks. For example, the dispute over Huawei
should be discussed mainly at the enterprise level instead of the Australian
government imposing a ban on the Chinese company. After all, Huawei has not
broken any Australian laws.

That Canberra is very cautious - actually uncertain - about interacting with
China when it comes to advanced technology and security is understandable,
because Australia considers itself a part of the West. But even if it is
difficult to make decisions about complicated issues, Canberra can still make
some genuine moves to improve bilateral ties.

China and Australia can improve bilateral relations if they can work together in
new areas which can yield mutual benefit. For instance, they can explore
cooperation in the Asia-Pacific region and infrastructure construction, as that
would allow Australia to play a bigger role in regional development as well as
meet its domestic infrastructure needs.

The views don't necessarily represent those of China Daily.

(China Daily 05/31/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/38/155926376311.jpg

a41f726b05111e5ab77d42.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/68/155926376361.jpg

a41f726b05111e5ab77641.jpg


                             124 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 31, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: No winner in trade war, experts say

BYLINE: Pan Mengqi

BODY:

In response to the United States' unilateral, protectionist trade practices,
foreign experts said that the development of international relations needs to
follow the basic principles of mutual respect, equality and mutual benefit.
Starting a trade war with others will ultimately hurt the US, the experts said.

"There is no winner in a trade war," said Koryun Achoyan, chief adviser of the
Peace Committee of Armenia.

Achoyan said that as China and the US are the world's two largest economies,
trade conflicts between them are bound to have a profound impact on the world
economy.

"The economic development of many countries is highly dependent on China and the
US. At a time when global economic growth is still sluggish, a trade war
initiated by the US could undoubtedly damage and seriously disrupt world
economic governance," he said.

"Washington always emphasizes the priority of its own interest, the 'America
first' policy, while China advocates equality, mutual benefit and win-win
cooperation, and promotes unimpeded trade and an open world economy through
joint efforts of the Belt and Road Initiative," Achoyan said.

Taking his own country as an example, Achoyan said Armenia is now undergoing an
economic revolution. "The country needs to participate in global economic
initiatives, and the BRI is one of the largest."

"Within the initiative, Armenia and China can enlarge cooperation in many
fields, for example, agriculture, commodity trade, air transportation and
building free trade zones," he said.

Achoyan said he was deeply impressed by China's support for free trade and the
multilateral trading system.

"From an economic perspective, Washington's argument that tariff hikes bring
benefits is nothing but false," said Omar Latif, a member of the Canadian Peace
Congress.

As China and the US account for around 40 percent of the world economy, Latif
said that a trade war would solve no problems. On the contrary, it will lead to
losses on both sides and have an impact on the world economy and economic
globalization.

Meanwhile, in response to the US government's ban on Chinese tech company Huawei
in the name of "national security concerns", Latif said the move is "wrong and
regretful".

"Huawei is one of the world's leading companies and its success is a reflection
of China's 40 years of reform and opening-up. The US move seems to allow
protectionism to flourish under the guise of 'national security' and has
attempted to politicize corporate interactions," Latif said.

"Starting a trade war will only backfire for the US itself, and eventually harm
the interests of its own businesses and people," he said.

panmengqi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/31/2019 page3)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/8/155926378203.jpg

a41f726b05111e5ab3fc29.jpg


                             125 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 31, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Beijing puts down marker on rare earths

BYLINE: Ren Xiaojin, Zhong Nan and Jing Shuiyu

BODY:

China will not allow any countries to use products made from its rare-earth
exports to impede China's development, the Ministry of Commerce said on
Thursday.

Ministry warns against misuse of vital resource to impede China's development

China will not allow any countries to use products made from its rare-earth
exports to impede China's development, the Ministry of Commerce said on
Thursday.

Gao Feng, the ministry's spokesman, said China has been the world's largest
supplier of rare-earth materials and has always been willing to meet the demand
of its trade partners for this material to promote the rare-earth industry. He
made the comment at a news conference in Beijing when asked if China will stop
exporting rare-earth materials to the United States.

The ministry's remarks came after the Trump administration raised tariffs on
Chinese goods and restricted Huawei's business operations, which has harmed the
interests of companies and financial markets on both sides.

"While satisfying domestic demand, China is always willing to fulfill other
countries' rightful needs for rare-earth materials," he said.

But if any country plans to use products made from its rare-earth exports to
hamper China's development, it is not acceptable, he added.

Rare earths currently are strategic and indispensable elements in making
high-tech products such as electric vehicles, military equipment and
smartphones, as well as aeronautical and medical instruments.

Also on Thursday, Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said the US has made moves
that contradict principles based on the rules of the World Trade Organization,
as well as acts featuring unilateralism.

These moves have caused serious harm to countries including the US itself as
well as the global economy, he said.

Gao, from the Ministry of Commerce, said that the US government is the one to
blame for its contradictory actions that have led to escalating trade friction
with China.

The US government has been sending contradictory signals, by saying that the two
countries will soon reach an agreement and then saying that it is not ready.

US President Donald Trump said on Monday in Japan that Washington is not ready
to strike a trade deal with China, but he's leaving open the possibility that
the two nations could reach an agreement someday.

Wang Zhaoxing, vice-chairman of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory
Commission, said as trade protectionism and unilateralism have been rising, the
global economic and trade system has been seriously disturbed.

"Only by firmly upholding the rules of world trade and adhering to openness and
cooperation can we further promote the common prosperity of the world economy,"
Wang said at an economic conference in Beijing.

Wang said various opening-up measures in the financial industry are on the way,
which have received positive market responses. Financial institutions in several
countries and regions have expressed their willingness to further increase
investment in China, he said.

China welcomes the investment from the financial institutions of all countries
and will continue to fulfill its commitments to create an environment featuring
fair competition for both China and foreign countries and a regulatory
environment for shared development, Wang added.

Wang Qingyun contributed to this story.

Contact the writers at renxiaojin@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/31/2019 page3)


                             126 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 31, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: UNIVERSITY FIRINGS STIR ACADEMIA

BYLINE: Zhang Ruinan in New York and Zhang Yangfei in Beijing

BODY:

The decision by a prestigious university in the United States to terminate the
tenures of two Chinese-American professors has heightened concerns among
researchers and administrators at academic institutions.

Chinese-American professors' tenures terminated

The decision by a prestigious university in the United States to terminate the
tenures of two Chinese-American professors has heightened concerns among
researchers and administrators at academic institutions.

One of the professors, Li Xiaojiang, a veteran neuroscientist dismissed from the
Department of Human Genetics at Emory University School of Medicine in Atlanta,
Georgia, after working there for 23 years, issued a statement on the decision to
Science magazine.

Li was "shocked that Emory University would terminate a tenured professor in
such an unusual and abrupt fashion and close our combined lab consisting of a
number of graduates and postdoctoral trainees without giving me specific details
for the reasons behind my termination".

The private university said in a statement that the decision came after an
investigation by the institution prompted by a National Institutes of Health
inquiry.

The inquiry revealed that two of its faculty members named as key personnel on
NIH grant awards to the university had not fully disclosed foreign sources of
funding and the extent of their work for institutions and universities in China,
according to the statement.

Although the university did not name the former faculty members, Science
magazine identified them as Li and his wife Li Shihua, both professors of
biology and also US citizens.

According to Li's statement, the university fired the couple on May 16 when they
were traveling in China. It also closed a laboratory jointly led by the couple
and told four Chinese postdoctoral students who worked there to leave the US
within 30 days.

The action came after the NIH, the main funding source for biomedical and public
health research in the US, sent a letter to more than 10,000 academic research
institutions in August urging them to work with it and other agencies, including
the FBI, to crack down on foreign influence.

Recipients of US federal funds must disclose if they are also receiving funds
from other countries, and they are not permitted to share their grant
applications with foreign entities.

Last month, NIH Director Francis Collins told a Senate committee that the agency
was investigating NIH-funded foreign scientists at more than 55 US institutions,
according to Science magazine.

Li said he had disclosed his Chinese research activity to Emory University each
year since 2012, adding that he had provided documents requested by the
university during the investigation.

He also said he had not received any copy of the investigation that was sent to
the NIH by the university, although he had asked Emory for one.

US media reports said the NIH alleged the couple had also been hired for
positions in China, where they received funding to create shadow laboratories to
conduct the same research they were doing in the US.

The couple said they felt their case was part of a larger problem with the way
foreigners are treated in the US, adding that the university's action
"negatively derides Emory faculty members and international visitors, especially
those of Chinese origin".

They urged the university's president to issue a statement to "recognize the
contributions of Emory's diverse global community, and the innumerable benefits
to science, research and education locally and globally".

The university said in a statement that it "remains committed to the free
exchange of ideas and research and to our vital collaborations with researchers
from around the world. At the same time, Emory also takes very seriously its
obligation to be a good steward of federal research dollars and to ensure
compliance with all funding disclosure and other requirements".

Researchers ousted

NIH leaders have made clear that they hope to avoid ostracizing researchers born
overseas working in the US, who represent a substantial proportion of the
country's scientific workforce.

The Lis' case is not the first time researchers of Chinese descent have lost
their jobs as the result of an NIH investigation.

Last month, leading cancer research facility the MD Anderson Cancer Center in
Houston, Texas, ousted three senior Chinese researchers after the NIH notified
the institution of the scientists' foreign ties.

According to The New York Times, the NIH had complained to the center last year
that the scientists sent a "grant application to a counterpart in China, while
it suspected others held undisclosed positions at medical institutions in
Beijing".

Peter Pisters, the center's president, told the newspaper, "A small but
significant number of individuals are working with government sponsorship to
exfiltrate intellectual property that has been created with the support of US
taxpayers, private donors and industry collaborators."

United Chinese American, a nonprofit organization promoting Chinese Americans'
full engagement in US civic life, said in a statement that the firings at the
center were "likely the first wave of a crackdown targeting primarily
Chinese-American scientists (there) and are unsettling because of the manner in
which the investigations were carried out and the fear they have generated".

The statement added, "No scientist has been charged with a federal crime. Yet,
reportedly, at least 10 scientists have retired, resigned, been fired or placed
on administrative leave, with more parties affected."

The investigation at the center, which specifically focused on staff members of
Chinese origin, began in 2017.

One of them, cancer researcher Xie Keping, who had been with the center for 28
years, was charged with possession of child pornography in August last year
after the center launched an investigation.

Xie was found not guilty by a court in November. Despite his innocence, he was
forced to leave MD Anderson.

Scientists under lengthy internal investigation at the center found that they
were unable to do their jobs. To date, about 10 have chosen to resign, according
to sources familiar with the situation.

One top researcher and administrator of Chinese origin, who provided details and
spoke on condition of anonymity, left MD Anderson earlier this year.

Once a star performer at the center, she won numerous awards in the 20 years she
worked there. In 2014, she ranked No 1 in terms of attracting grant money, and
had championed a variety of major projects.

In 2017, she was put on indefinite administrative leave after more than a year
of investigations, but no charges were filed. The ordeal left her unable to
continue with her research.

She chose to leave MD Anderson in January and has taken a position with a
medical institute in China.

No evidence of intellectual property theft has been reported by either the
center or the media.

According to media reports, academic research is becoming increasingly embroiled
in the ongoing trade tensions between the US and China.

In April, The New York Times reported that US officials had denied or restricted
visas for some 30 international relations experts from China.

Nature magazine also reported that several major scientific conferences in the
US had reported visa delays for Chinese nationals.

Peter Teuben, an astronomer at the University of Maryland who helped organize
the Astronomical Data Analysis Software & Systems conference in November, said
that out of 24 researchers from China who applied to attend, only six were able
to get visas.

The US State Department has also imposed new restrictions. A policy was
introduced in June, under which Chinese graduates wanting to study robotics,
aviation or high-tech manufacturing in the US can no longer apply for five-year
study visas. They can only apply for one-year visas, according to Nature
magazine.

The growing scrutiny and restrictions on Chinese scholars and students in the US
have increased concerns among researchers and administrators in both countries.

United Chinese American said, "Chinese-American scientists are increasingly
being questioned, investigated, suspended and even prosecuted.

"To avoid suspicion or to be able to continue their work, some scholars with
Chinese backgrounds or ties have been forced to change the direction of their
research or the nature of their grant applications, or to reduce or end
reciprocal scientific collaboration with China," it said.

"The vast majority of Chinese-American scientists are law-abiding. Some who have
been prosecuted on espionage-related charges have turned out to be totally
innocent," it added.

'Extremely hazardous'

Huang Yasheng, a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, said:
"From my perspective, there shouldn't be national boundaries in academia.
Sharing of knowledge and cooperation between scientific researchers of different
backgrounds are often key contributors to significant academic accomplishments.

"US academic institutions should definitely act against the Trump
administration's 'clash of civilizations' view, and protect the human rights and
academic freedoms of any scientists - including Chinese-American ones."

Calling the US administration's view of Chinese academics "extremely hazardous",
Huang noted the significance of international, especially Chinese scholars and
researchers, in US academia.

He said that, for example, the National Academy of Science this year elected two
scientists of Chinese nationality as members and two as foreign associates.
Overall, more than 100 Chinese nationals have been elected academy members.

Huang said membership of the academy is just the tip of the iceberg regarding
Chinese scientists' presence in US academia. At MIT, some 40 percent of the
faculty is non-US nationals, with Chinese constituting the largest proportion.

"I do believe that the US government has the responsibility and obligation to
protect the nation's security and interest, but as far as I'm concerned, in no
case are Chinese scientists clearly affecting US national security, so far."

He said the central questions in recent cases related to Chinese scholars are
most likely technical issues such as the disclosure of research funding sources,
which are not rare cases in academia, certainly not among Chinese scholars.

Huang added, "Chinese scholars have made great contributions to US academia and
are inseparable from it."

A recent open letter coauthored by 18 scientists from the Society of Chinese
Bioscientists in America, the Chinese American Hematologist and Oncologist
Network and the Chinese Biological Investigators Society expressed concerns
about the recent political rhetoric and policies that "single out students and
scholars of Chinese descent working in the US as threats to the US".

The letter added, "These developments have led to confusion, fear and
frustration among these highly dedicated professionals, who are in danger of
being singled out for scapegoating, stereotyping and racial profiling."

Open data access and data sharing are important for accelerating research
advancement and can be implemented without putting US security at risk, the
group said, adding, "Most Chinese-American scientists believe that biomedical
research benefits all mankind, and multinational collaborations accelerate
scientific progress and discovery."

Jiang Ying, a researcher at the Academy of Military Medical Sciences in Beijing,
said, "This is probably not the first time that a US research institute has
ousted Chinese or Chinese-American researchers or shut down their laboratories,
but it is hard to comment on this matter at the moment or judge who is
responsible for it.

"In the area of medical research, we still hope to have multiple centers that
involve different races. We need cooperation like this because science is a
human community, so cooperation should be promoted. The intrusion of politics
will hinder the development of science."

Kang Ruiqing, a researcher from the University of Science and Technology
Beijing, said the current policies of the US "are not doing any good to
scientific cooperation".

"Scientists in both countries should not be scapegoats for the ups and downs in
the two countries' relationship," Kang said.

Yale University President Peter Salovey said in an open letter sent to students
and faculty, "In recent weeks, tensions in United States-China relations and
increased scrutiny of academic exchanges have added to a sense of unease among
many international students and scholars here at Yale and at universities across
the country."

Salovey affirmed his university's "steadfast commitment" to its foreign talent
and added, "Openness - a key to the extraordinary success of America's great
research universities - must remain a hallmark of Yale."

Frank H. Wu, chairman of the Committee of 100, an organization of
Chinese-Americans, said, "Scientific progress has long been based on the open
exchange of ideas," adding that the "recent changes of norms in the US" have
surprised many Chinese researchers working in the country.

"It's important for all professors from all backgrounds to be aware of these new
rules," Wu added.

Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said at a briefing in Beijing on
Monday that personnel and cultural exchanges "should not be politicized and
interfered with".

"This is inconsistent with the aspirations of the two peoples and has caused
widespread concern among academic circles in China and the United States, and
all sectors of society," Lu said.

Reviews banned

In another development, the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers in
New York has banned employees at Chinese communications company Huawei from
reviewing submissions to its journals because of US government sanctions against
the company.

Zhang Haixia, a professor at Peking University and a member of the institute for
20 years, said she has submitted a letter to resign her membership after
learning of the ban.

"Politics should stay out of academia. No matter what country (German-born
physicist) Albert Einstein is from, his scientific research can benefit the
whole world," Zhang said.

If politics keeps interfering with academic research, there will be no
scientific progress, she said, adding, "When scientists face all kinds of
restrictions in their research, they are not doing research. They become
politicians."

Shi Yunli, professor of science history at the University of Science and
Technology of China in Hefei, Anhui province, said scientists have become
scapegoats for tensions between countries in the past, notably during the 1950s
when US senator Joseph McCarthy ordered a series of investigations and hearings
in an effort to expose supposed communist infiltration of the government.

Wang Yu, a material technology scientist and president of Shanghai Yuking Water
Soluble Material Tech, which sells its products to medicine producers in more
than 100 countries, said the US needs cooperation and support from China in many
areas of science, for example chemistry and material technology.

"The US has been bringing many foreign scientists, from China, India and other
countries, to work in laboratories and carry out research, and the fruits of
their work are eventually transformed into products," he said.

"The US has talent from around the globe, and makes the greatest input into
scientific research. It is way ahead of China in scientific development
generally, and there is a gap of two or three decades in certain areas.

"But in some specific areas, such as certain sectors of biomedicine and material
technology, China has an advantage, and the US has to learn from China. The two
countries need to cooperate while they compete in science."

Kong Wenzheng in New York, May Zhou in Houston, Lia Zhu in San Francisco, Pan
Mengqi and Zou Shuo in Beijing, Zhou Wenting in Shanghai and Zhu Lixin in Hefei
contributed to this story.

Contact the writers at ruinanzhang@chinadailyusa.com

1,2,5: A view of the Emory University Hospital in Atlanta, Georgia. Tami
Chappell / Reuters and Erik S. Lesser / Epa 3: Roy L. Sutliff (left), a
representative from the university, answers questions at the PhD Workshop China
in Beijing in 2014. Li Yuan / For China Daily 4: David Rice operates on a cancer
patient at the MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston, Texas. Scott Dalton /
Polaris 6: Patients and family members wait for rides outside the cancer center.
Scott Dalton / Polaris

(China Daily 05/31/2019 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/50/155926378355.jpg

a41f726b05111e5ab3a025.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/98/155926378432.jpg

a41f726b05111e5ab39824.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/4/155926378716.jpg

a41f726b05111e5ab38823.jpg


                             127 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 30, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: What's news

BODY:

Govt and policies

Central bank injects funds via reverse repos

The People's Bank of China, the central bank, on Wednesday pumped 270 billion
yuan ($39 billion) into the financial system through open market operations. To
maintain reasonable and sufficient liquidity, the central bank conducted the
operations with seven-day reverse repos at an interest rate of 2.55 percent. Net
liquidity injection was 250 billion yuan on Wednesday, as previous reverse repos
worth 20 billion yuan became mature. A reverse repo is a process in which the
central bank purchases securities from commercial banks through bidding, with an
agreement to sell them back in the future.

Easier motor mortgage registration coming

Streamlined procedures for registering motor vehicle mortgages and to make the
process easier will start from June 1, according to the Ministry of Public
Security. The move was made in response to complaints from the public and
businesses that the registration process needed too many materials including
original identity certificates. The process was especially inconvenient when it
required the business licenses of the lenders such as banks, said the traffic
management bureau of the ministry. After streamlining, copies of business
licenses with seals can be submitted as alternative and e-seals will also be
acceptable, according to the bureau.

E-commerce trade volume sees growth

E-commerce trade volume reached 31.63 trillion yuan ($4.58 trillion) in 2018 in
China, according to a report released at the ongoing China International Big
Data Industry Expo 2019 in Guiyang, capital of Southwest China's Guizhou
province, on Tuesday. According to the report on China's e-commerce development
in 2018, over 9 trillion yuan of online retail sales was made and online payment
exceeded 200 trillion yuan last year. More than 50 billion packages were
delivered last year. The total import and export volume of cross-border
e-commerce reached 134.7 billion yuan over the same period.

Steady development of integrated circuit sector

China has made progress in its integrated circuit industry and vowed to share
opportunities with other nations, a senior official said. The industry
maintained an annual growth rate of above 20 percent from 2012 to 2018, with
sales reaching 653.2 billion yuan ($94.77 billion) last year, according to Wang
Zhijun, vice-minister of industry and information technology. The country has
seen constant progress in its chip design, manufacturing and test technologies,
Wang told Xinhua in an interview. For example, he said Kirin 980 mobile phone
chip developed by HiSilicon, Huawei's chipset subsidiary, is manufactured by the
cutting-edge 7nm process.

Companies & markets

Renminbi weakens against greenback

The central parity rate of the Chinese yuan weakened 15 basis points to 6.8988
against the US dollar on Wednesday, according to the China Foreign Exchange
Trade System. In China's spot foreign exchange market, the yuan is allowed to
rise or fall by 2 percent from the central parity rate each trading day. The
central parity rate of the yuan against the US dollar is based on a weighted
average of prices offered by market makers before the opening of the interbank
market each business day.

Weekly farm produce prices retreat slightly

Prices of farm produce in China slightly retreated last week, according to data
from the Ministry of Commerce. From May 20 to 26, the overall price of farm
produce edged down 0.5 percent on a weekly basis, following a 0.2-percent
decrease in the previous week. In breakdown, the average wholesale price of 30
types of vegetables went down 4.1 percent. The wholesale price of pork fell 0.4
percent while that of beef remained unchanged, according to the ministry. Food
accounts for about one-third of China's consumer price index, a main gauge of
inflation.

NEV manufacturer to deliver second model

NIO Inc, a pioneer in China's premium electric vehicle market, announced on
Tuesday that the company has finished mass production of its ES6, the second
model of the young company, and will start delivery in June. "The trend of new
energy vehicles is faster and stronger than expected and I think more and more
people are recognizing Chinese carmakers' advanced technology and ambition to
lead," said William Li, founder and CEO of NIO. The company has received more
than 12,000 orders for the ES6, with over 5,000 orders placed since April's Auto
Shanghai 2019.

Alibaba launches campaign for SMEs

The Smart Marketing Platform under Alibaba Culture and Entertainment Group
launched the third nationwide campaign in Beijing on Tuesday to help small and
medium-sized enterprises in China to solve problems in marketing, capital,
technology and management through cloud and big data service. The
three-month-long event, supported by Alibaba Cloud, mobile search engine sm.cn
and free business communication app DingTalk, will be held in more than 30
cities across the country including Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Hangzhou and
Chengdu, to help SMEs benefit from the digital economy.

Oppo launches Reno smartphone in India

Global smartphone brand Oppo launched its Reno 10x Zoom in two variants priced
at $574.62 and $718.18 in India on Tuesday. The device at lower variant with 6
GB RAM and 128 GB storage will be available exclusively with Flipkart while the
higher variant of 8 GB RAM and 256 GB storage will be available in all retail
stores and online channels.

Around the world

Vietnam's export turnover increases

Vietnam realized an export turnover of over $100.7 billion in the first five
months of this year, a year-on-year increase of 6.7 percent, while making an
import turnover of nearly $101.3 billion, up 10.3 percent, its General
Statistics Office said on Wednesday. Specifically, Vietnam gained $19.9 billion
from exporting phones and their components, up 3 percent; $12.3 billion from
computers and components, up 11.1 percent; $12.1 billion from garments and
textiles, up 10.3 percent; and $7.1 billion from footwear, up 14.3 percent,
according to the data from the office.

UK's vaccine shipments rise on strong demand

Britain exported more vaccines in 2018 than any other G-7 country, nearly
tripling in value in five years, UK's Department for International Trade said on
Tuesday. Growing demand from the United States has been the main driver with
exports accounting for over two-thirds of all UK vaccine exports, the department
said. Secretary of State for International Trade, Liam Fox, said thousands of
people across the UK are working tirelessly to produce vaccines to help fight
diseases such as influenza, measles, and hepatitis, not just in the UK, but
across the world.

China Daily - Agencies

(China Daily 05/30/2019 page14)


                             128 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 30, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: China will not be bullied into submission

BODY:

In a thinly veiled warning that Beijing will not rule out using rare earths as a
weapon to counter US attacks against Chinese high-tech companies such as Huawei,
an official from the National Development and Reform Commission, China's top
economic planner, said in an interview on Tuesday that "if any country wants to
use products made of China's rare earth exports to contain China's development,
the Chinese people would not be happy with that".

China possesses only 37 percent of the total global deposits of rare earths - a
group of 17 metallic chemical elements that are widely used in everything from
satellites and missiles to nuclear reactors and smartphones. Yet it accounts for
more than 90 percent of global production as it controls almost all of the
world's processing facilities.

"China could shut down nearly every automobile, computer, smartphone and
aircraft assembly line outside of China if they chose to embargo these
materials," James Kennedy, president of ThREE Consulting, wrote in the US
publication National Defense last week, as Agence France-Presse reported.

Some may criticize China for violating World Trade Organization rules if it
takes such an extreme step. But it would be simply following in the footsteps of
the United States, which has already broken the rules by bypassing the WTO's
dispute settlement mechanism and taking unilateral measures to impose
protectionist tariffs on Chinese imports. It has also blacklisted Huawei while
threatening bans on US companies supplying other major Chinese technology
companies in an attempt to strangle China's high-tech development.

Some may brush aside China's warning as having no substance as there are plenty
of other sources of rare earth minerals, so the ramifications of China's
possible export restrictions would be manageable. After all, mining companies in
the United States and several other countries are capable of producing rare
earth minerals of their own.

But aside from the environmental impacts - the production process is heavily
polluting - setting up the requisite metallurgical capabilities would take time.

And it would be naive to think that China does not have other countermeasures
apart from rare earths to hand. As Chinese officials have reiterated, they have
a "tool box" large enough to fix any problem that may arise as trade tensions
escalate, and they are ready to fight back "at any cost".

Like it or not, a fierce battle has already been imposed on China, whose outcome
may effect the country's development. Therefore, any countermeasures that China
can take to safeguard its national interests are necessary and justified.

(China Daily 05/30/2019 page8)


                             129 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 30, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Heck of a coincidence that Huawei deliveries 'misrouted' by FedEx

BYLINE: Li Yang

BODY:

TWO PACKAGES CONTAINING COMMERCIAL DOCUMENTS sent from Tokyo to Huawei's office
on the Chinese mainland on May 19 and 20, and two other parcels mailed from
Hanoi, Vietnam, to Huawei's branches in Hong Kong and Singapore respectively on
May 17 all found their way to the United States through the package delivery
services of FedEx. China Daily reporter Li Yang comments:

Having first denied packages sent to Huawei offices in Asia ended up in the US,
FedEx apologized for the "misrouting" of the parcels five days later, claiming
no external parties were involved.

A statement which one has to take with a pinch of salt since, as FedEx said, the
error is not the norm for the millions of packages it handles each day and "this
instance is not indicative of the exceptional service our 450,000 team members
provide on a daily basis around the world".

It is a remarkable coincidence indeed that four Huawei parcels should be
misrouted to the same destination, apparently FedEx's headquarters in Memphis,
at a time when the US administration is exhausting all means possible, including
the political abduction of its chief financial officer, to suppress China's 5G
leader.

At the very least, the US express delivery company is obliged to explain how
four parcels ended up in the US and what happened to them there.

FedEx's apology is far from sufficient to resolve the trust crisis, and Huawei
is right to review its ties with FedEx, lest all its deliveries take a detour to
see the home of Elvis.

Other customers, particularly those foreign companies blacklisted by the US
administration, should also draw lessons from the incident.

Before the US package delivery company explains its possible connection with the
US administration, it is natural that people should question whether FedEx, and
other US delivery companies, are at the beck and call of the US administration.
If so, the privacy and security of its customers' mail is out of the question,
considering the US fixation on snooping.

(China Daily 05/30/2019 page8)


                             130 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 30, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Guiyang shines in international spotlight

BYLINE: Yuan Shenggao

BODY:

The China International Big Data Industry Expo, which ended on Wednesday, has
gained growing international influence and helped the world know more about
Guiyang, capital of Southwest China's Guizhou province. The area has pioneered
the nation's big data development, an official said.

Provincial capital becomes powerhouse for big data development, investment,
growth

The China International Big Data Industry Expo, which ended on Wednesday, has
gained growing international influence and helped the world know more about
Guiyang, capital of Southwest China's Guizhou province. The area has pioneered
the nation's big data development, an official said.

The four-day event attracted 803 overseas attendees from 61 countries and
regions, up 49.8 percent and 117.8 percent year-on-year. Among them, 36
countries are involved in the Belt and Road Initiative. Twenty countries,
including Brazil, the Netherlands, the Czech Republic and Ukraine, joined the
expo for the first time.

The number of overseas exhibitors grew 178.6 percent to reach 156. Companies
from the United States and United Kingdom had the largest presence. Big overseas
names included Dell, Pivotal, NTT Data, Google and Apple. A total of 39 Fortune
Global 500 companies participated.

It shows attending the big data expo has become a fashion in big data-related
industries to find innovative ideas and establish business partnerships, said Xu
Hao, executive vice-mayor of Guiyang.

According to the event's organizing committee, more financial support was given
to foreign exhibitors to build a booth there. Companies covered intelligent
manufacturing, health, robots, the internet of things and intelligent energy
supply. In addition, there were nine high-level dialogues, 53 forums, 26 report
releases and six competitions.

Dang Minh Khoi, Vietnamese ambassador to China, attended the expo for the first
time. He said he told embassy staff members they will come every year and send
delegations to study in Guizhou.

Top professionals gave speeches at the expo, where the rooms were often packed
with audiences. Many of the new views gave inspirations boosting the industry's
development.

Speakers included Paul Romer, co-recipient of the 2018 Nobel Prize in economics
and professor at New York University; Whitfield Diffie, renowned cryptologist
and winner of the Turing Award, and Kevin Kelly, founder of US-based Wired
magazine.

Cutting-edge technological achievements were displayed at the expo, such as the
foldable mobile phone display, light-weight electronic bicycle and artificial
intelligence broadcaster.

The experience of Guiyang in application of big data has been shared with the
world.

The local government is accelerating to apply big data to the real economy,
rural development, civil affairs and social governance.

Guizhou stories

At the High-Level Dialogue on Big Data and Global Poverty Reduction, foreign
participants from African countries, such as Morocco, Cote d'Ivoire, Ghana,
Kenya and Mozambique, learned how big data can help improve the lives of rural
people after hearing the stories of Guizhou.

Big data is used in a kiwi fruit farm in Xiuwen county to monitor the climate,
temperature and soil conditions to give a targeted solution for watering,
fertilization and pollination.

The online platform of Guizhou-based fertilizer producer Wengfu Group can
collect the data of farming and serve farmers to sell products, rent farming
machines and learn agricultural skills.

The Diandingding app can monitor electricity usage and warn of possible fires in
a village of Miao ethnic group in the Qiandongnan Miao and Dong autonomous
prefecture, where wooden buildings are popular.

In Guiyang, facial recognition technology is used in airports, communities,
railway stations and public security departments.

Intelligent devices are adopted in traditional manufacturing factories to
increase productivity and optimize management.

Guizhou Tyre said its production grew by 26 percent after adopting an
intelligent control system, intelligent logistics and big data analysis.

"Through big data, we found a new path of development that's different from that
of other regions. The innovation-driven path can help us realize modernization,"
Xu said.

During the event, 125 projects were signed with a total investment of 100.76
billion yuan ($14.59 billion). That included Huawei's new projects in Guizhou.

Yang Pin, deputy general manager of the Guizhou branch of China Telecom, said
his company released a new app to help poor farmers in Guizhou to sell
agricultural products during the expo.

UK-based Relx Group, global provider of information-based analytics and decision
tools, joined the expo for the third time.

Flavio Villanustre, senior vice-president and chief data security officer of the
company, said he was quite impressed by how China has so many big data-related
companies and institutes.

He added he found much business potential with them, and establishing links with
those people is important to the future development of the company.

Viktor Mayer-Schonberger, a professor in internet governance and regulation from
Oxford University, said he was amazed by how Guiyang developed so fast each time
he came there.

"I saw more new buildings and roads. I felt the vitality of the city, which
continues making progress."

He added the digital revolution is like the industrial revolution back in the
18th and 19th centuries, and the revolution is changing the economic models when
old models cannot support the demands of growth.

"Digital economy can help our market operates better. Guiyang can grasp the
opportunity of the digital era to develop itself."

Xu Hao said the expo is an important platform for the opening-up of Guiyang. And
they will continue to make the event more international and professional and
improve its influence, to promote the development of the big data industry in
the region.

Experts from China and overseas talk about the role of big data in economic
development during a high-level dialogue at the expo.Li Qiuming / For China
Daily

Representatives from 61 countries and regions attend the China International Big
Data Industry Expo held in Guiyang from Sunday to Wednesday.Li Qiuming / For
China Daily

Children are attracted by robots displayed at the expo.Li Qiuming / For China
Daily

(China Daily 05/30/2019 page7)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/35/155917735884.jpg

00221917e13e1e595e4d1a.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/61/155917735912.jpg

00221917e13e1e595e511b.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/76/155917735958.jpg

00221917e13e1e595e541c.jpg


                             131 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 30, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Huawei aims to speed up US government lawsuit

BYLINE: Ma Si in Shenzhen, Guangdong Province

BODY:

Huawei Technologies Co filed a motion on Wednesday to accelerate its lawsuit
against the United States government, as the Chinese tech company said it has
great confidence in the case and hopes to bring it to an early conclusion.

The move came two months after Huawei sued the US government over a measure that
bars federal agencies from using its products. This is part of a broader push by
the world's largest telecom equipment maker to pursue fair competition and
treatment in the global tech arena through legal means.

Huawei said at a news conference in Shenzhen, Guangdong province, that it had
filed a motion for summary judgment in a court in Plano, Texas, where it filed
the case. The motion asks the court to declare the ban unconstitutional.

Song Liuping, Huawei's chief legal officer, said the federal ban, outlined in
section 889 of the 2019 US National Defense Authorization Act, is unlawful as it
singles out a person or a group for punishment without trial.

"Politicians in the US are using the strength of an entire nation to come after
a private company," Song noted. "This is not normal, almost never seen in
history."

The senior executive added that the US government has provided no evidence to
show that Huawei is a security threat. "There is no gun, no smoke, only
speculation."

A motion for summary judgment is one party's effort to bring an early end to a
lawsuit. Huawei is using it to request the court to rule in its favor as a
matter of law.

The company said this case presents pure questions about law and does not at
this point involve any dispute over facts. The US court has scheduled a hearing
on Huawei's motion for Sept 19.

"If the court grants Huawei's motion for summary judgment, the case is over. It
will not go into a trial at all. But the US government can appeal to a higher
court," said Li Lan, a Shenzhen-based lawyer of Jincheng Tongda & Neal law firm.

Huawei is facing a crackdown from the US, which accuses the company of posing
risks to its national security. Huawei has repeatedly denied the accusations and
said these claims were not supported by factual evidence.

Huawei is not the first foreign company to sue the US government. In 2015,
Chinese machinery manufacturer Sany settled a lawsuit with the US government,
which forbade its project in Oregon on national security grounds.

In 2017, Russian cybersecurity company Kaspersky unsuccessfully sued the US
government over a ban on its products.

Huawei said in a note that "We have a different and much stronger case than
Kaspersky." For example, the US ban not only bars all US government agencies
from buying Huawei equipment and services, but also bars them from contracting
with or awarding grants or loans to third parties who buy Huawei equipment or
services.

A partner at a Beijing-based law company who wished to remain anonymous, said:
"The Huawei case is very different from the Kaspersky ban. The ban on Huawei is
significantly broader, manifestly targets one company and is punitive in
nature."

Earlier this month, the US government added the Chinese company to its Entity
List, barring Huawei from accessing any US technologies without special
approval. Song said the move is affecting its more than 1,200 suppliers and
threatened to affect its 3 billion individual customers in 170 countries and
regions.

"Huawei is considering taking legal or administrative action to fight the US
list ban," Song said, "It sets a dangerous precedent. Today, it is telecoms and
Huawei. Tomorrow, it could be your industry, your company, your consumers."

On Wednesday, Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang also urged Fed-Ex to explain
why it rerouted four Huawei parcels to the US without the Chinese company's
authorization.

"If it is not an isolated incident, FedEx needs to explain why such
misdeliveries occurred to Huawei's parcels several times," the spokesman said.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/30/2019 page1)


                             132 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 30, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Business leader warns on cost of ban

BYLINE: Zhao Huanxin in Washington

BODY:

The head of the US-China Business Council, whose members include major US
chipmakers that are suppliers to Huawei Technologies Co Ltd, said that the ban
on the Chinese telecom giant would come at a cost to US businesses, and that
fair engagement across technologies would be better than decoupling.

US President Donald Trump, in the name of "national security", signed an
executive order on May 15 that led the US Department of Commerce to put Huawei
and its affiliates on an Entity List, which would restrict the sale or transfer
of US technologies to the company.

Craig Allen, president of the council, said many of its members are suppliers to
Huawei, and all of them have been impacted by the Department of Commerce's move.

Founded in 1973, the council represents around 200 US companies doing business
with China, including Apple and Microsoft. It also includes chipmakers Intel and
Qualcomm, which have said they would stop offering supplies to Huawei until
further notice.

The members will follow US law, but there is a cost associated with that, Allen
told China Daily.

In a statement on May 16, Huawei said that losing access to US suppliers "will
do significant economic harm to the US companies" and affect "tens of thousands
of US jobs". In total, US firms sold an estimated $11 billion worth of
components to Huawei last year, according to earlier media reports.

"I'm not able to tell you exactly what the costs will be; it differs from
company to company," said Allen.

"But clearly, from a corporate perspective, this Department of Commerce action
has created costs and has escalated the uncertainty quite a bit."

Asked to comment on some voices in the US calling for the "decoupling" of the
two countries, especially in the technology sector, Allen said both sides should
pursue a playing field of "smart competition and engagement", in which they play
by a "common set of rules" that are mainly set by World Trade Organization
obligations.

He said it does no one any favors to delink over possible national security
concerns. Fair engagement across technologies is a better way to secure national
security than delinking.

"The cost of decoupling will be very high for both economies," he said.
"Engagement in a fair competition with common rules is a far From page 1better
outcome than decoupling."

If there has to be some "decoupling" due to "valid national security concerns"
in both countries, that should be kept to a minimum and not exaggerated, he
said.

"Normal commerce is in the interest of both of our countries. And we should
pursue it vigorously," he added.

Allen also said members of the council are worried that they are now in a "very
uncertain time" when the already tense situation could potentially deteriorate,
as the world's top two economies are embroiled in a protracted trade dispute
with the Trump administration escalating tariffs and Beijing retaliating.

"It is important that we come to an agreement over time that addresses the
problems that we have identified. And the sooner the better," Allen said.

He said the council had opposed the use of tariffs from the very beginning and
hoped a "mutually acceptable and supportive" agreement could be reached in the
near term.

"But, currently, we are moving away from that agreement. We want to get back to
moving toward an agreement so that our two economies can begin to interact with
each other in a more normal manner," he said.

Allen, who was in Lexington, Kentucky, last week for the Fifth US-China
Governors Forum, said he had spoken to a number of Chinese investors in Kentucky
and throughout the United States who are bringing jobs and opportunities that
did not exist previously.

"Chinese investment in the United States is creating good jobs in areas that are
poor, where good jobs are needed," he said. "We should celebrate that
advancement of economic opportunity in the United States. And similarly, we
should expand US investment in China."

US goods exports to China declined by 7 percent in 2018, as trade disputes
between the two economies began to bite, but still outpaced growth in exports to
the rest of the world over the past decade, according to the 2019 State Export
Report released earlier this month by the US-China Business Council.

The report said China continued to be important to US economic growth,
supporting more than 1.1 million jobs.

huanxinzhao@chinadailyusa.com

(China Daily 05/30/2019 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/87/155917736404.jpg

00221917e13e1e595b0d09.jpg


                             133 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 30, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Restrictions on Huawei affecting academia

BYLINE: Ma Si and Zou Shuo

BODY:

United States government restrictions on Huawei are generating ripple effects
that have gone beyond commercial circles and are now entering academia.

On Wednesday, Qbitai.com reported that the Institute of Electrical and
Electronics Engineers, the world's largest technical professional organization,
has banned Huawei employees from peer-reviewing its research papers. The move
follows the US restrictions on Huawei that forbid the Chinese firm from
accessing US technology without special government approval.

Qbitai published screenshots of emails that the IEEE sent to its members,
detailing that Huawei colleagues can't peer-review any papers until restrictions
on the company are removed.

The US accused Huawei of posing risks to its national security. Huawei has
repeatedly denied the accusations and said the charges were not supported by
factual evidence.

Huawei and the IEEE did not immediately reply to requests for comment, but such
reports have triggered opposition from Chinese academic circles and netizens.

Zhang Haixia, a professor at Peking University and a 20-year IEEE member,
expressed her strong opposition in an open letter on Wednesday and said she
decided to step down from editorial boards at the IEEE.

"As an old friend and senior IEEE member, I'm really shocked to hear that the
IEEE is involved in the US' Huawei ban by replacing all reviewers from Huawei,
which is far beyond the basic line of science and technology," she wrote in the
letter.

"During the past 20 years, I worked together with many scientists, like you, in
IEEE societies, journals, conferences and events because we all believe that the
IEEE is an international society, and doesn't belong just to the US or some
other parties," Zhang wrote.

"But, today, this message from the IEEE about replacing all reviewers from
Huawei in IEEE journals challenges my professional integrity. I have to say
that, as a professor, I don't accept this. Therefore, I have decided to quit
from IEEE editorial boards until it returns to professional integrity."

Zhang confirmed to China Daily that some of her friends in the US have received
such emails from the IEEE. She said she believed that the IEEE made such a
decision because of external pressure or for political reasons.

"They (the IEEE) didn't openly issue the ban, because it's a shame," she said.
"This not only crosses my own bottom line, but also that of scientists in China
and around the world."

Xiang Ligang, director-general of the telecom industry association Information
Consumption Alliance, said the move shows that the US restrictions on Huawei
harm global scientific cooperation.

Chinese netizens also expressed strong opposition to the IEEE move. A netizen
named Ta said: "Such a practice defies all logic. When nobody challenges the US,
science has no boundaries; but when somebody does, science is the US weapon
against others."

Contact the writers at masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/30/2019 page3)


                             134 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 30, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: China, Cuba to jointly oppose unilateralism

BYLINE: Zhou Jin

BODY:

China and Cuba agreed to join hands with other countries to oppose unilateralism
and protectionism, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi said on
Wednesday in Beijing.

The two nations agreed that unilateral action and bullying have severely damaged
the rule of law of the international community, Wang said.

He made the remarks when meeting with Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez,
who is on a three-day visit to China that ends on Thursday.

Frequently imposing unilateral sanctions on other countries through "long-arm
jurisdiction" is unpopular and will not endure for long, Wang said.

China will always stand with and support the Caribbean country which has endured
more than half a century under sanctions and a blockade from the United States,
he said.

Rodriguez echoed Wang's remarks and expressed gratitude for China's support on
the international stage.

He called on the two countries to jointly uphold multilateralism and the
legitimate rights of developing countries.

Cuba firmly opposes promoting a single system on the global stage and rejects
violating international rules and laws that are widely obeyed, Rodriguez added.

Viewing China as an important partner in technology cooperation, Rodriguez said
that Cuba is against any sanctions or discriminatory measures targeting Chinese
tech enterprises.

The comment comes at a time that Chinese technology companies like Huawei are
caught in the middle of trade friction between China and the US, which has
strained relations between Beijing and Washington.

In response to reported claims that China is pursuing a new version of the
Monroe Doctrine and seeks to control Latin America, Wang refuted such
speculation as outdated Cold War thinking. The doctrine is a 19th-century
strategy stating that the US would regard as an unfriendly act any attempt by a
European nation to interfere in the affairs of countries in the Western
Hemisphere or increase its possessions in the region.

"Reclaiming the Monroe Doctrine is against the trend of history," Wang said.

He said China's policy to develop friendly relations with Latin America is
consistent and clear, as well as transparent and open.

China has no geopolitical motives when engaging in cooperation with Latin
America, he said, adding that cooperation does not target or exclude any third
party, nor does it affect the legitimate rights and interests of any third
party.

China is Cuba's second-largest trading partner and one of its major export
markets, Rodriguez said.

He said Cuba will actively participate in building the Belt and Road Initiative
and advance cooperation with China in areas including trade, medical care,
tourism and pharmaceuticals.

zhoujin@chinadaily.com.cn

State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi and Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno
Rodriguez pose for a photo after signing a bilateral political consultation plan
on Wednesday in Beijing.Zou Hong / China Daily

(China Daily 05/30/2019 page3)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/71/155917736707.jpg

00221917e13e1e595c7c12.jpg


                             135 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 29, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: FedEx is 'harming image' by diverting packages

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

The FedEx Corp's reported practice of rerouting Huawei parcels to the United
States without the Chinese company's authorization demonstrates that the US
government is leaving no stone unturned to disrupt normal business activities,
analysts said on Tuesday.

Such a move, if not properly explained, could harm the image of the US companies
involved, disrupt trust in cross-border business cooperation and further
undermine the US government's credibility in keeping companies independent, they
said.

The comments came after media reported that FedEx, without detailed explanation,
diverted two parcels destined for Huawei addresses in Asia to the United States
and attempted to reroute two others.

Bai Ming, a senior researcher at the Chinese Academy of International Trade and
Economic Cooperation, said it is really odd for FedEx, the US package delivery
company, to misdeliver Huawei's parcels, especially when the US government is
banning the Chinese tech company.

"That's not one parcel but four separate parcels involved. It is hard to be seen
as an isolated issue," Bai said. "It is more like that some political forces are
trying to get Huawei's parcels from FedEx, which, if true, is a clear violation
of Huawei's rights and interests."

The US government has banned Huawei from accessing any US technologies without
special approval, accusing the company of posing risks to its national security.
Huawei has repeatedly denied the accusations and said these charges were not
supported by any factual evidence.

"The US government is using political forces to pressure companies from doing
businesses with Huawei. If FedEx could not provide detailed and proper
explanation for the misdeliveries, we could suspect that the US government is
behind the incident and using underhand methods," Bai said.

Huawei said it has lodged a formal complaint with China's postal regulator about
FedEx's misdeliveries of its parcels which it said only contained documents and
no technology. China's State Postal Bureau also confirmed to China Daily on
Tuesday that it is investigating the issue.

FedEx's China branch said on Tuesday in a post on Chinese social media platform
Weibo that the company regrets that this isolated number of Huawei packages were
inadvertently misrouted, and confirms that "we were not requested by any
external party to divert these packages which are in the process of being
returned to the shippers."

Xiang Ligang, director-general of telecom industry association Information
Consumption Alliance, said the US move of blacklisting Huawei is already
disrupting the global tech industry chain, and a string of suppliers whose
revenue is heavily reliant on Huawei stopped providing technical support or
selling components to the Chinese company.

"If the FedEx issue cannot be explained properly, many Chinese companies will
worry about using the US delivery firm's services, on concerns that their
parcels may be intercepted by a third party. It is harming trust in normal
business activities," Xiang said.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/29/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/53/155909105045.jpg

a41f726719b21e580b900b.jpg


                             136 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 29, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Attack on Huawei is stealing from the future It appears to be a most
asymmetric battle.

BODY:

On one side is telecommunications equipment provider Huawei, a private company
seen as a symbol of China's technological prowess.

It appears to be a most asymmetric battle

On one side is telecommunications equipment provider Huawei, a private company
seen as a symbol of China's technological prowess.

On the other is the world's sole superpower going all out to try to strangle its
development, resorting to such means as cutting it off from all US components
and software that it needs to make its products, using national security as a
pretext.

But if you think the outcome is predetermined, and the weak has no other choice
but to take such hard-handedness and humiliation lying down, you are wrong.

In an interview with Bloomberg on Sunday, Huawei founder and CEO Ren Zhengfei
admitted that his company might miss its expected growth target due to the
immense pressure it is facing from Washington. But despite the tough
environment, it is still growing.

Ren's easy demeanor when talking about the difficulties Huawei is facing reveals
his confidence that Huawei will emerge safely from the storm. This confidence is
built on the lead Huawei has in 5G technology over its global competitors,
though it must now look to itself for its chip supply or find alternatives to
stay ahead in smartphones and 5G.

Since it is the 5G leader, the technological supremacy that Huawei has built up
cannot have been gained by stealing the intellectual property rights of others,
as some in the US have claimed. "I stole the American technologies from
tomorrow," said Ren laughing off the charges.

Ren definitely has a broad perspective and higher horizons when it comes to
making a company grow. He knows well that all companies are interdependent in a
closely interwoven supply chain, and one company cannot thrive at the expense of
another, which is why he would protest any possible retaliation by Beijing
against Apple.

Goldman Sachs estimates that Apple could lose nearly one-third of its profits if
China banned its products, as the US has done to Huawei.

In this sense, Ren is more like a strategist than a businessman. He believes
that a country has no eternal friends or perpetual enemies, but only eternal and
perpetual interests.

As the US is not the international police and cannot manage the whole world,
"the rest of the world will decide whether they would work with us based on
their own business interests", he said.

The US stands to see more of its own interests compromised if it continues with
its mindless attack against Huawei.

(China Daily 05/29/2019 page8)


                             137 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 29, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Polish region hopes its presence at show will bring business

BYLINE: Yuan Shenggao

BODY:

Pomorskie Voivodeship, a major region in Poland, expects to attract more Chinese
investors and tourists, its officials said.

The region has one of the busiest ports and most-visited scenic spots in Poland.

Gdansk, the capital of the region, is the political, economical, scientific and
cultural center in northern Poland, boasting more than 1,000 years of history.
It's also home to 50 percent of amber-made jewelries, of which about 30 percent
is exported to China, according to Slawomir Berbec, executive director of
Pomorskie Voivodeship China Office. The office is a participant in the ongoing
China International Fair for Trade in Services in Beijing.

Gdynia, a young city in Pomorskie Voivodeship, has many high-tech and innovative
companies, suggesting a greater potential for business partnerships. The city of
Sopot is known as a major hot spring spa resort, he said.

The Gdansk and Gdynia ports undertook 95 percent of maritime cargo
transportation of Poland, with vessels traveling between Europe and Asia,
involving Chinese cities like Shanghai, Qingdao and Shenzhen, according to the
Pomorskie Volvodeship China Office.

Pomorskie Volvodeship's airport has 60 international flights that connect major
European markets, apart from land and railway, it said. That's why Pomorskie
Volvodeship plays an important part in connecting China with Europe, with
advanced technologies and services in ocean transportation, shipping and
logistics.

Berbec said the region has a close link with China. It has the only Chinese
embassy in Poland besides that in Warsaw, capital of Poland. The first
Sino-Polish joint venture Chinese-Polish Joint Stock Shipping was also
established there in 1951. Chinese companies, such as CIMC, a major supplier of
logistics and energy equipment, and telecommunications giants Huawei and ZTE,
operate there.

This year is the 70th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations
between China and Poland. Government data from Poland showed Sino-Polish trade
grew by 13.3 percent to reach $33.47 billion in 2018.

Artur Gradziuk, head of the economic section of the embassy of Poland in
Beijing, said his country hopes to attract more Chinese investment and increase
Polish exports to China in the future.

(China Daily 05/29/2019 page7)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/91/155909106007.jpg

00221917e13e1e580dc220.jpg


                             138 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 29, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Germany's economic powerhouse courting more Chinese opportunities

BYLINE: Yin Ruowei

BODY:

North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany's most important economic region that has for
years been one of the most popular investment locations for foreign companies,
is seeking to collaborate with more Chinese enterprises at the ongoing 2019
China International Fair for Trade in Services.

Feng Xingliang, China chief representative at NRW's State-owned economic
development agency NRW.INVEST, said that the region has set up a booth at the
CIFTIS to showcase its diverse advantages and opportunities for development.

NRW and China are set to work closely on six areas: intelligent manufacturing,
smart cities, new energy vehicles, self-driving, artificial intelligence and
smart logistics, Feng said.

Situated in the heart of Europe, NRW is a dynamic business location and is the
most populous out of the 16 German federal states.

Some 20,000 foreign companies have invested in the region, including global
players 3M, Ericsson, Ford, Toyota, UPS and China's Huawei.

"These companies make NRW the No 1 investment location in Germany, as more
investment flows to NRW from abroad than to any other German federal state,"
Feng said.

"NRW accounts for 26.1 percent of all foreign direct investments in Germany.
China is the second-largest trading partner of NRW after the Netherlands."

With the Belt and Road Initiative on course to enhance the connectivity and
cooperation, NRW has begun to establish itself on the route.

"NRW stands for mobility in all dimensions. In almost no other region of Europe
will companies find better conditions for transport and logistics," Feng added.

The city of Duisburg situated within NRW is regarded as China's gateway to
Europe. Every week, about 30 freight trains from China arrive at Duisburg's
inland port, delivering goods from Wuhan, Chongqing and other major
manufacturing centers in China. Cars, wine, whisky, luxury clothing and other
European goods make the return journey.

Four out of every five trains from China now make Duisburg their first European
stop.

"NRW.INVEST is pleased to provide free consulting for companies interested in
investment. Our specialist knowledge and a proven and established network of
economic, scientific, administrative and political contacts are available," Feng
said.

"If you are already active in NRW, we can provide advice and support, in
particular for expansion, startups and spinoffs."

(China Daily 05/29/2019 page7)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/43/155909106031.jpg

00221917e13e1e580dd121.jpg


                             139 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 29, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Restriction on Huawei provides chances for Europe

BYLINE: Cheng Yu, Chen Meiling and Lu Haoting in Guiyang

BODY:

United States government restrictions on Chinese technology champions like
Huawei provide "enormous" opportunities for European counterparts, according to
industry insiders.

Technology firms from the United Kingdom and other European nations still have
synergistic business relationships with Chinese counterparts.

"The UK's 5G development needs participation from Huawei. The UK government and
companies should make decisions by measuring Huawei's merits rather than
political powers," said John McLean, director of the China-Britain Business
Council, in an exclusive interview with China Daily.

Technology is reshaping the world order and has become a determining factor for
countries to reposition themselves in the global arena, said McLean, who is also
special adviser to the lord mayor of London on China.

"The US is leveraging political power to influence global free trade. The real
purpose is not just about tariffs, it's about a whole package to force China to
do something in the trade war. The US is so eager because the biggest world
power is facing rising technological challenges from burgeoning economies,
including China," he added.

He said no party should harm the free choice of customers. "If it works for
businesses and customers, it should work for everybody."

"The economic cooperation between China and Europe has great potential. Enormous
opportunities await to be tapped in sectors including technology, education and
healthcare," McLean added.

His words came as China and the US, the world's two largest economies, have been
embroiled in a trade confrontation over the past year.

Washington has also increased tensions by adding Chinese tech firms, including
Huawei, to its Entity List, which would effectively ban US companies from
selling components and software to them.

"The worst part of the current trade tension between China and the US is having
created uncertainty in the global economy," said Luigi Gambardella, president of
ChinaEU, an international association in Brussels that promotes digital and
internet cooperation.

Global US companies are likely to suffer heavily if they are prevented from
striking deals with Chinese subcontractors and clients, Gambardella said.

"Think about companies like Apple and Microsoft - what will happen to them if
globalization is rolled back?" he added.

Both McLean and Gambardella suggested that China and Europe have great potential
for cooperation in key emerging sectors.

"China and Europe's cooperation on big data will be promising and the two sides
should jointly build a better global digital community," Gambardella added.

"Logistics chain, transportation and production can be largely improved by
digitalization."

Xiang Ligang, director-general of Information Consumption Alliance, a telecom
industry association, said Chinese companies have long attached great importance
to Europe as epitomized by Huawei, which has established 23 research and
development centers cross 14 European countries.

Contact the writers at chengyu@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/29/2019 page3)


                             140 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 29, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Top planner warns of misusing rare earths

BYLINE: Xin Zhiming and Zhou Lanxu

BODY:

The National Development and Reform Commission, China's top economic planner,
said on Tuesday that the country is willing to continue supplying rare-earth
metals to world markets but is opposed to those who use products made with such
rare earths to "suppress and dampen China's development".

It also said that the industries of China and the United States are highly
complementary. Cooperation will benefit both countries while confrontation will
only undermine their interests, it said.

The NDRC said in the recent media interview that China will adhere to the
principle of fair and free trade in its management of rare-earth exports, but
"the Chinese people will be unhappy" if the country's exported rare-earth metals
are used against China.

Since the start of the China-US trade friction more than a year ago, Washington
has taken many measures, including taking advantage of its edge in high-end chip
making, to stymie Chinese high-tech firms, the NDRC said.

The NDRC added that in its latest move to dampen China's industrial development,
the US government has used an executive order to effectively ban products of
Chinese tech giant Huawei from being used in the US, which has been widely seen
as unreasonable and unfair.

Having been increasingly used in high-tech industries, rare-earth metals are
critical in making products from advanced weaponry to chips and hybrid cars.

China is the world's largest producer of rare earths, accounting for about 80
percent of global supply.

However, the country's rare-earth industry is faced with such problems as
rapidly decreasing inventory, inefficient production and environmental
pollution.

Analysts also said that the low prices of China's exports have failed to reflect
the real value of the precious resource.

The division of labor of the global rare-earth industry should be coordinated in
accordance with the principle of opening-up and sharing, the NDRC said. While
the country prioritizes the domestic use of rare-earth metals, it is willing to
see its exports help drive the development of global industries, it said.

President Xi Jinping visited the JL MAG Rare-Earth Co on May 20 in Ganzhou,
Jiangxi province, during a three-day inspection tour. Xi learned about the
rare-earth industry's development in Ganzhou, a major producer of rare-earth
resources and products in China.

During the seven trading days from May 20 to Tuesday, the A-share listed company
hit the 10-percent daily upside limit six times, with its share price rising by
90 percent after closing on Tuesday.

Contact the writers at xinzhiming@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/29/2019 page1)


                             141 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 29, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: FedEx is 'harming image' by diverting packages

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

The FedEx Corp's reported practice of rerouting Huawei parcels to the United
States without the Chinese company's authorization demonstrates that the US
government is leaving no stone unturned to disrupt normal business activities,
analysts said on Tuesday.

Such a move, if not properly explained, could harm the image of the US companies
involved, disrupt trust in cross-border business cooperation and further
undermine the US government's credibility in keeping companies independent, they
said.

The comments came after media reported that FedEx, without detailed explanation,
diverted two parcels destined for Huawei addresses in Asia to the United States
and attempted to reroute two others.

Bai Ming, a senior researcher at the Chinese Academy of International Trade and
Economic Cooperation, said it is really odd for FedEx, the US package delivery
company, to misdeliver Huawei's parcels, especially when the US government is
banning the Chinese tech company.

"That's not one parcel but four separate parcels involved. It is hard to be seen
as an isolated issue," Bai said. "It is more like that some political forces are
trying to get Huawei's parcels from FedEx, which, if true, is a clear violation
of Huawei's rights and interests."

The US government has banned Huawei from accessing any US technologies without
special approval, accusing the company of posing risks to its national security.
Huawei has repeatedly denied the accusations and said these charges were not
supported by any factual evidence.

"The US government is using political forces to pressure companies from doing
businesses with Huawei. If FedEx could not provide detailed and proper
explanation for the misdeliveries, we could suspect that the US government is
behind the incident and using underhand methods," Bai said.

Huawei said it has lodged a formal complaint with China's postal regulator about
FedEx's misdeliveries of its parcels which it said only contained documents and
no technology. China's State Postal Bureau also confirmed to China Daily on
Tuesday that it is investigating the issue.

FedEx's China branch said on Tuesday in a post on Chinese social media platform
Weibo that the company regrets that this isolated number of Huawei packages were
inadvertently misrouted, and confirms that "we were not requested by any
external party to divert these packages which are in the process of being
returned to the shippers."

Xiang Ligang, director-general of telecom industry association Information
Consumption Alliance, said the US move of blacklisting Huawei is already
disrupting the global tech industry chain, and a string of suppliers whose
revenue is heavily reliant on Huawei stopped providing technical support or
selling components to the Chinese company.

"If the FedEx issue cannot be explained properly, many Chinese companies will
worry about using the US delivery firm's services, on concerns that their
parcels may be intercepted by a third party. It is harming trust in normal
business activities," Xiang said.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/29/2019 page13)


                             142 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 29, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Attack on Huawei is stealing from the future It appears to be a most
asymmetric battle.

BODY:

On one side is telecommunications equipment provider Huawei, a private company
seen as a symbol of China's technological prowess.

It appears to be a most asymmetric battle

On one side is telecommunications equipment provider Huawei, a private company
seen as a symbol of China's technological prowess.

On the other is the world's sole superpower going all out to try to strangle its
development, resorting to such means as cutting it off from all US components
and software that it needs to make its products, using national security as a
pretext.

But if you think the outcome is predetermined, and the weak has no other choice
but to take such hard-handedness and humiliation lying down, you are wrong.

In an interview with Bloomberg on Sunday, Huawei founder and CEO Ren Zhengfei
admitted that his company might miss its expected growth target due to the
immense pressure it is facing from Washington. But despite the tough
environment, it is still growing.

Ren's easy demeanor when talking about the difficulties Huawei is facing reveals
his confidence that Huawei will emerge safely from the storm. This confidence is
built on the lead Huawei has in 5G technology over its global competitors,
though it must now look to itself for its chip supply or find alternatives to
stay ahead in smartphones and 5G.

Since it is the 5G leader, the technological supremacy that Huawei has built up
cannot have been gained by stealing the intellectual property rights of others,
as some in the US have claimed. "I stole the American technologies from
tomorrow," said Ren laughing off the charges.

Ren definitely has a broad perspective and higher horizons when it comes to
making a company grow. He knows well that all companies are interdependent in a
closely interwoven supply chain, and one company cannot thrive at the expense of
another, which is why he would protest any possible retaliation by Beijing
against Apple.

Goldman Sachs estimates that Apple could lose nearly one-third of its profits if
China banned its products, as the US has done to Huawei.

In this sense, Ren is more like a strategist than a businessman. He believes
that a country has no eternal friends or perpetual enemies, but only eternal and
perpetual interests.

As the US is not the international police and cannot manage the whole world,
"the rest of the world will decide whether they would work with us based on
their own business interests", he said.

The US stands to see more of its own interests compromised if it continues with
its mindless attack against Huawei.

(China Daily 05/29/2019 page8)


                             143 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 28, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: It's mission impossible trying to foil China's tech progress

BODY:

THE US ADMINISTRATION is attempting to squeeze the space for international
cooperation by arbitrarily rejecting free and fair competition. People's Daily
comments:

It is a surprise that some US politicians openly go against the trend of times
by trying to use politics to kill competition and eliminate space for
international cooperation at the cost of the other countries' development rights
and interests.

The US administration is abusing its state power to open fire on Chinese
high-tech enterprises, such as Huawei, that have secured their leading status
through long-term inputs and hard work in research and development.

Without providing any evidence, the US administration claims Huawei is stealing
secrets and is a threat to US security as pretexts for banning US enterprises
from doing business with Huawei and other Chinese enterprises.

These high-handed moves are unreasonable and arbitrary.

The US administration is fully aware of the laws of science and technology
development and the benefits of market competition. Its technology hegemony will
also hurt the interests of US enterprises. The reason behind its insistence on
putting Chinese companies on its blacklist is that the US will not brook any
challengers to itself in science and technology, and it is using political means
to delay Huawei's development so that the US enterprises can have more time to
catch up with it.

The US' imperiousness is self-evident.

It is normal for some technology enterprises to be at the forefront of an
industry. By cooperating with Huawei, US enterprises would have a better chance
of catching up with it and even surpassing it through their inputs into research
and development of the next generation telecommunications technology. What the
US administration is doing is to forcefully sever the business and technology
cooperation among the companies.

The United States has advocated market economy and free competition whenever its
enterprises meet difficulties in entering other countries. But when it comes to
foreign companies entering the US market, it instantly reboots with another
operating system.

Worse, the US is also coercing other countries to contain Huawei, which will
necessarily lead to a reshuffle of the global supply chains of some industries.

The US administration's containment of Huawei and other Chinese companies will
not hamper China's advancement in science and technology, but it has awakened it
to the harsh reality that although economic globalization is a trend, it must
have self-sufficiency in key technologies.

(China Daily 05/28/2019 page8)


                             144 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 28, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: IN BRIEF (Page 4)

BODY:

Beijing

Former inspector gets 12 years for graft

Zhang Huawei, a former senior disciplinary inspector was sentenced to 12 years'
prison for bribery and fined 2 million yuan ($290,000) on Monday. Zhang, who was
a senior member of the disciplinary inspection team of the Communist Party of
China Central Committee, pleaded guilty in an open trial at the Beijing No 2
Intermediate People's Court and said he would not appeal, the court said. Zhang
was convicted of taking advantage of his position to provide assistance to
organizations and individuals in business operations, real estate deals and
promotions between 2006 and 2014. In return, he accepted property worth 32.8
million yuan.

Education program set for principals

A special education program for middle school principals will start this year,
China Education Daily reported on Monday. The three-year program, initiated by
the Chinese Society of Education, aims to enhance trainees' political stance,
professional and reform capability, strategic vision, and ability to guide other
principals to develop. The program, which is free of charge, involves discussion
and field practice, during which trainees will be required to complete a series
of tasks regarding middle-school management and be graded based on their
performance, according to the society. The application for the program ends on
June 10, and 30 trainees will be selected after the applicants complete written
exams and interviews on June 15 and 16.

Guizhou

Boat accident death toll rises to 13

The death toll in a boat accident in Guizhou province on Thursday has risen to
13 after rescuers recovered all the bodies over the weekend, the Zhenfeng county
government said on Monday. The government said that there were 29 people on
board when the boat capsized at 6:30 pm on Thursday on the Beipan River. Sixteen
of them were rescued. The owner of the boat, who is among the survivors, has
been held by police. The case is still under investigation. The boat was for
agricultural use. The provincial government on Friday ordered a thorough check
on water traffic safety in the province. The inspection focused on
passenger-intensive routes, ferries, ports, docks and water-related tourist
attractions.

Yunnan

43 tons of illegal tobacco intercepted

Police in Yunnan province detained three suspects and seized more than 43 metric
tons of illegally transported flue-cured tobacco recently, local authorities
said on Monday. Police received tips on May 21 and 22 that the tobacco would be
exported illegally. Investigation teams were then dispatched and police
intercepted three trucks in Baoshan and Ruili cities on May 22 and May 23 and
seized more than 43 tons of tobacco. Further investigation is underway.

China Daily - Xinhua

(China Daily 05/28/2019 page4)


                             145 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 28, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Beijing stresses equality in any Washington trade deal

BYLINE: Jing Shuiyu and Zhong Nan

BODY:

Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said on Monday that equality is a must in
reaching a trade deal with the United States.

US President Donald Trump said on Monday in Japan that Washington isn't ready to
strike a trade deal with China, but he's leaving open the possibility that the
two nations could reach an agreement someday.

He predicted a "very good deal with China sometime into the future, because I
don't believe that China can continue to pay these really hundreds of billions
of dollars in tariffs".

The US has made various remarks about trade negotiations, with some saying the
agreement will come out soon while others are saying it's still difficult to
reach an agreement, Lu said at a regular news conference on Monday.

China's position has been consistent, Lu said. "The trade friction should be
resolved through friendly consultations and negotiations, which must be based on
mutual respect, equality and mutual benefit," he added.

The two countries are in a tense standoff over trade. They started tariff
exchanges in July, when the United States' first round of tariffs on $34 billion
worth of Chinese goods took effect. Washington threatened to further escalate
the trade dispute and has increased tension by placing restrictions on Chinese
companies, such as Huawei Technologies Co.

Huang Yiping, deputy dean and professor of the National School of Development at
Peking University, said two parties normally strive to reach a win-win
resolution in trade consultations. But the US government is different, because
it wants to ensure only it gains advantages from trade negotiations, Huang said.

It reflects that the US government is, to some extent, "unreasonable" in talks
with China, Huang said recently at a seminar in Beijing. Against such a
backdrop, Huang said it's difficult to predict whether the two countries can
reach a deal.

Wei Jianguo, a former vice-minister of commerce, said the US government's
frequent accusations against China have negated the possibility of a deal. "The
US hasn't realized China's steadfast determination to defend its national
interests. It is impossible to enforce a one-sided deal," said Wei,
vice-president of the China Center for International Economic Exchanges, a think
tank in Beijing.

Zhang Yansheng, a senior researcher at the China Center for International
Economic Exchanges, said the US government has been making unexpected, often
contradictory, comments or moves.

Zhang cited that the US government used to say that if China-US negotiations
broke down, a 25 percent additional tariff would be imposed on Chinese imports.
"But why did Washington raise tariffs while the 11th round of negotiations was
underway? An explanation is needed."

Cao Desheng contributed to this story.

Contact the writers at jingshuiyu@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/28/2019 page1)


                             146 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 28, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Poland looking to bolster trade with China under BRI

BYLINE: Chen Meiling

BODY:

Poland expects to bolster economic cooperation with China as bilateral trade is
going in a positive direction under the framework of Belt and Road Initiative,
an official said.

Sino-Polish trade grew by 13.3 percent to reach $33.47 billion in 2018. Polish
exports to China amounted to $2.5 billion, up 8.7 percent while imports from
China grew 13.7 percent to reach $30.97 billion, maintaining the country's
position as Poland's second-largest source of imports following Germany, data
from the statistics bureau of Poland showed.

Located in Central Europe, Poland borders seven countries including Germany,
Russia and the Czech Republic, and is known as a portal linking European Union
markets.

Poland was one of the first countries to sign an memorandum of understanding
with China about the BRI in 2015. The country sees economic cooperation with
China as being of great potential, especially in air, maritime and land
transportation, said Artur Gradziuk, counselor and head of the economic section
of the Polish embassy in Beijing.

Its geographical advantage has played a bigger role in boosting China-Europe
trade as more business opportunities have been generated under the framework of
the Belt and Road Initiative and the "16+1 Cooperation" - a platform created in
April 2012 by China and 16 Central and Eastern European countries.

"As (the) Chinese government is enhancing transportation and logistics
cooperation with Europe, Poland is prepared to provide more transportation,
warehouse and logistics services," Gradziuk said.

One positive outcome of the BRI is that more China-Europe freight trains, also
known as the China Railway Express, pass through Poland to reach other European
countries, and this has significantly improved the efficiency of cross-border
trade.

Large ships are regularly loaded in the two major Polish ports of Gdansk and
Gdynia, which account for 95 percent of maritime cargo transportation in the
country, with up to 21,000 standard containers for transport to Asia, including
Chinese ports in Shanghai, Qingdao, Ningbo and Shenzhen every week, said
Slawomir Berbec, director of the Pomorskie Voivodeship China Office.

Chinese computers, mobile phones, textiles, sports equipment and toys are
exported to Poland and other European countries. Polish copper, mechanical
equipment, electronics products, cosmetics, furniture and agricultural products
serve Chinese customers. The trade between China and Europe is backed by a
network with Poland functioning as a transportation hub.

The country also hopes to increase the export of high-value Polish products like
machinery and electronics, he added.

Poland passed a bill to build a better business environment encouraging foreign
investors last year, with provisions for those who invest in certain locations
or fields such as high technology, and who create a lot of new jobs. The
incentives include preferential policies in office rental and tax reduction,
according to the embassy.

That is likely to benefit Chinese businesses in Poland, which are increasing
every year. More than 800 companies with Chinese capital are operating in
Poland, including security and inspection solution provider Nuctech Co Ltd,
machinery producer Guangxi Liugong Group, consumer electronics giant TCL Corp,
telecom giant Huawei, the Bank of China and the Industrial and Commercial Bank
of China, Gradziuk said.

TCL, one of the largest Chinese investors in Poland, plans to target the
European market this year after founding an artificial intelligence research
center in Poland last year, according to Li Dongsheng, chairman and CEO of TCL.

Nuctech opened a new factory in the capital of Warsaw in September 2018. Since
entering the country in 2004, its products have served civil aviation, customs,
railways, highways, wharves and other public security-related segments in
Europe. Its large container inspection devices occupy about 90 percent of the
European market, data from the company showed.

"Though Chinese investment in Poland is increasing every year, it's still a bit
slow," he said, adding they are looking forward to welcoming more Chinese
investors and boosting cooperation in sectors such as innovation, technology and
environmental protection.

From the 1990s to the end of 2017, Chinese foreign direct investment in Poland
reached $500 million, data from the National Bank of Poland showed.

This year marks the 70th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic
relations between China and Poland, and achievements have been reached in
enhancing partnership, said Liu Guangyuan, the Chinese ambassador to Poland at
an open day on May 16.

chenmeiling@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/28/2019 page16)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/81/155900466258.jpg

a41f726b05111e56bc5519.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/83/155900466300.jpg

a41f726b05111e56bc5a1a.jpg


                             147 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 28, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Huawei, Guizhou to deepen partnership in big data area

BYLINE: Ma Si and Yang Jun in Guiyang

BODY:

Huawei Technologies Co will deepen its partnership with Guizhou province in
digital governance, data centers and smart city projects, as the Chinese tech
heavyweight leverages the southwestern province's resources and booming big data
industry to lower costs and fuel growth.

Firm banks on resources in the province to lower costs, fuel growth

Huawei Technologies Co will deepen its partnership with Guizhou province in
digital governance, data centers and smart city projects, as the Chinese tech
heavyweight leverages the southwestern province's resources and booming big data
industry to lower costs and fuel growth.

The cooperation is also part of Guizhou's broader efforts to become a big data
and cloud computing hub in China. The province aims to help integrate data
technology into more than 10,000 real-economy companies by 2022, and bring more
cloud computing businesses to the region.

Lu Yong, vice-president of Huawei, said on Monday that Guizhou has already
become an important part of the big data industry in China and even the world.
The company will strengthen cooperation with Guizhou in a string of areas
including cloud computing and digital governance.

Huawei is building a new data center in Guian New Area of Guiyang, capital of
Guizhou province. Covering 400,000 square meters, it can operate around 600,000
servers to store Huawei's global management data. Guizhou offers an ideal
climate for operating data centers and it is also an important energy base in
China, the company said.

Huawei said the data center construction is progressing on schedule.

On Monday, the company also inked deals with a string of Guizhou enterprises and
schools, including Guizhou Power Grid, to help them boost efficiency by
harnessing digital technologies.

Lu said Huawei and Guizhou Power Grid, a unit of China Southern Power Grid, have
been cooperating closely on basic telecommunications services, security
protection, and data centers. In the future, the two sides will expand
partnership in cloud computing, big data, internet of things, and other areas.

Liu Qiang, deputy manager of Guizhou Power Grid, said the company aims to build
a safe, reliable, green and efficient smart grid network. The strategic
partnership with Huawei will help the two sides better integrate their
capabilities in grid and information technologies to promote high-quality
development.

With video data expected to explode in the coming years, Huawei also partnered
with a string of companies to establish a smart video big data industry
alliance, so as to better set industry standards.

Huawei said in a statement that the explosive growth of video, the internet of
things and other data applications poses challenges for many companies which
lack enough computing power or proper algorithms. Huawei will work together with
like-minded partners, customers, associations and standards organizations in the
security industry to jointly create a more open, collaborative and pragmatic
industrial ecological alliance to accelerate smart video efforts.

The alliance includes facial recognition companies like SenseTime and Megvii
Technology Ltd.

Yang Shanlin, director of the National Engineering Laboratory for Big Data
Distribution and Exchange Technologies, said data is a new factor of production
and a strategic resource. Currently, there is more cooperation instead of fierce
competition in the emerging industry. Once properly used, data can generate huge
economic outputs.

Contact the writers at masi@chinadaily.com.cn

A visitor walks through a simulated space tunnel during the China International
Big Data Industry Expo 2019, which kicked off on Sunday in Guiyang, Guizhou
province. Yang Wenbin / Xinhua

(China Daily 05/28/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/15/155900466796.jpg

a41f726b05111e56bb0a08.jpg


                             148 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 28, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: It's mission impossible trying to foil China's tech progress

BODY:

THE US ADMINISTRATION is attempting to squeeze the space for international
cooperation by arbitrarily rejecting free and fair competition. People's Daily
comments:

It is a surprise that some US politicians openly go against the trend of times
by trying to use politics to kill competition and eliminate space for
international cooperation at the cost of the other countries' development rights
and interests.

The US administration is abusing its state power to open fire on Chinese
high-tech enterprises, such as Huawei, that have secured their leading status
through long-term inputs and hard work in research and development.

Without providing any evidence, the US administration claims Huawei is stealing
secrets and is a threat to US security as pretexts for banning US enterprises
from doing business with Huawei and other Chinese enterprises.

These high-handed moves are unreasonable and arbitrary.

The US administration is fully aware of the laws of science and technology
development and the benefits of market competition. Its technology hegemony will
also hurt the interests of US enterprises. The reason behind its insistence on
putting Chinese companies on its blacklist is that the US will not brook any
challengers to itself in science and technology, and it is using political means
to delay Huawei's development so that the US enterprises can have more time to
catch up with it.

The US' imperiousness is self-evident.

It is normal for some technology enterprises to be at the forefront of an
industry. By cooperating with Huawei, US enterprises would have a better chance
of catching up with it and even surpassing it through their inputs into research
and development of the next generation telecommunications technology. What the
US administration is doing is to forcefully sever the business and technology
cooperation among the companies.

The United States has advocated market economy and free competition whenever its
enterprises meet difficulties in entering other countries. But when it comes to
foreign companies entering the US market, it instantly reboots with another
operating system.

Worse, the US is also coercing other countries to contain Huawei, which will
necessarily lead to a reshuffle of the global supply chains of some industries.

The US administration's containment of Huawei and other Chinese companies will
not hamper China's advancement in science and technology, but it has awakened it
to the harsh reality that although economic globalization is a trend, it must
have self-sufficiency in key technologies.

(China Daily 05/28/2019 page8)


                             149 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 27, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: GAC and startup carmaker Nio announce launch of electric vehicle brand

BYLINE: Cao Yingying

BODY:

GAC-Nio, a joint venture between traditional carmaker GAC and startup Nio
established in April last year, is showing signs of progress, unveiling its
first brand and concept car in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province last Monday.

The new brand, Hycan, is aimed at the midmarket and will be priced slightly
higher than models from GAC New Energy but lower than that of Nio models.

The company believes that its light-asset strategy which focuses on R&D, design,
sales and after sales, and integrating manufacturing resources will alleviate
the typical financial pressures in the new energy vehicles industry.

The JV has taken its cues from the guideline released by the Ministry of
Information Technology in December encouraging more cooperation among carmakers
in terms of development and production, in order to facilitate faster and more
efficient production of NEVs.

Registered with an initial capital of 500 million yuan ($72.36 million), GAC-Nio
is owned by GAC Group, GAC New Energy Automobile, Nio and Nio Capital with 22.5
percent each, with the remaining 10 percent owned by employees of GAC-Nio.

"Hycan-branded vehicles will benefit from the global resources of GAC and Nio,
including technical teams from Beijing, Shanghai and Silicon Valley in the
United States where the GAC R&D Center and internet of vehicles R&D team of Nio
are based," said Liao Bing, CEO of GAC-Nio.

The Hycan concept, a pure electric SUV, will be put into production at the GAC's
NEV industrial park located in Guangzhou, according to the company.

Construction on the 45-billion-yuan park completed in January and is expected to
produce a total of 400,000 vehicles annually.

Liao said the pure electric SUV will hit the market by the end of this year and
is expected to be delivered to customers by the middle of next year.

In addition to support from GAC and Nio, the joint venture will also cooperate
with companies, such as lithium-ion battery provider CATL, telecom giant Huawei
and Bosch on key technologies such as powertrain and internet of vehicles.

According to official statistics, GAC New Energy Automobile sold 6,157 units in
the first four months of this year, marking a year-on-year increase of 82
percent.

The company has four models on the market, the GA3S PHEV, Aion S, GE3 530 and
GS4 PHEV.

The Aion S sedan, launched in late April, has received 30,000 orders and the
pure electric SUV Aion LX, which has a range of 600 kilometers on a single
charge, will be put into production in September. Nio has its ES8 and ES6 models
currently on the market.

In the first quarter, the startup delivered 4,010 units of its ES8, the top
selling model among NEV startups.

caoyingying@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/27/2019 page18)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/24/155891820094.jpg

a41f726b05111e5572d821.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/47/155891820142.jpg

a41f726b05111e5572dc22.jpg


                             150 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 27, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Big data expo in Guiyang lauded across the globe

BYLINE: Yuan Shenggao

BODY:

Guiyang, capital of Southwest China's Guizhou province, has pioneered China's
big data industry, impressing the world with digital tools to serve the real
economy and promote high-quality development. The city is again standing in the
spotlight as the key expo newly opened.

Record attendance includes over 150 foreign companies

Guiyang, capital of Southwest China's Guizhou province, has pioneered China's
big data industry, impressing the world with digital tools to serve the real
economy and promote high-quality development. The city is again standing in the
spotlight as the key expo newly opened.

The China International Big Data Industry Expo, the most influential annual
event in the big data industry, kicked off Sunday.

This time, a record 59 countries, 156 foreign companies and 39 Fortune Global
500 companies joined the expo. The larger-than-ever conference participation
shows the growing influence of the expo and Guiyang claim to fame as the Chinese
data valley.

"The big data expo is an international carnival that displays the latest
technologies, applications and business modes of big data," said Sun Zhigang,
Party secretary of Guizhou province at the opening ceremony.

"It aims to promote cooperation and communications in a global context by
sharing achievements that have been made and realizing further development with
joint dialogue."

Guizhou province is the first national big data comprehensive experimental zone,
the first industrial cluster, technological innovation area and internet safety
pilot zone in terms of big data.

It is also home to the first big data exchange, the first national big data
laboratory and first international big data expo.

The big data technology is not an abstract concept to Guizhou, but it's seen,
heard and felt in everyday life. The tool has been applied in segments, such as
financial service, tourism, pension, logistics and culture.

Traditional mining factories are equipped with intelligent devices.

Farmers shook off poverty by selling their agricultural products to the outside
world by e-commerce.

People in the mountainous areas access medical resources through remote medical
treatment. The efficiency of government has been significantly improved as
paperless platforms and inter-department shared information techniques were
commonly adopted.

Jim Yong Kim, former World Bank Chief, once investigated the region, saying
"China's big data center is in Guizhou".

Kamal Dhuper, president of Indian talent development company NIIT in China, told
local media in Guizhou that globalization has brought different countries
together and created more cooperative opportunities.

"Guizhou has become a pioneer in big data and will bring about more
opportunities."

Besides nine high-level dialogues, 53 forums and the release of 49 cutting-edge
scientific and technological achievements, this year's expo for the first time
invited Morocco as host country and held high-level dialogue on big data and
global poverty reduction as well as organizing artificial intelligence and
automatic driving competition.

Sidi Mohammed Drissi Melyani, director-general of the Moroccan Agency of Digital
Development, said at a high-level dialogue Sunday that the expo has become an
indispensible event for foreign and Chinese companies, with a goal to promote
innovation and technological breakthroughs.

He said Guizhou has many experiences that they can learn from, especially in
poverty-relief backed by big data.

The country has set up a digitalization development department aiming to create
more jobs and improve people's livelihood.

"We hope to expand cooperation with Guizhou in more areas," he said.

Wang Chen, member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and
vice-chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, said
the expo has become a new wind indicator for the development of big data
globally. The expo, which ends on May 29, includes various activities, such as
the release of the top 10 advanced big data products, a large-scale drone light
show, digital art exhibition, as well as business matching.

The event has attracted officials, top business executives and renowned experts
to discuss the hottest topics in big data, including 5G, data security, digital
economy, industrial internet, blockchain and AI.

Exhibitors include leading companies in internet and telecommunications, such as
360, Inspur, Google, Tencent and Alibaba, as well as Seagate, Dell, Huawei and
ZTE.

Visitors gather at the venue for the China International Big Data Industry Expo
held in Guiyang, Guizhou province.Dong Xianwu/for China Daily

(China Daily 05/27/2019 page12)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/6/155891821025.jpg

00221917e13e1e5571a52c.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/95/155891821068.jpg

00221917e13e1e5571d733.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/96/155891821110.jpg

00221917e13e1e5571af2d.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/26/155891821140.jpg

00221917e13e1e5571c62e.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/20/155891821161.jpg

00221917e13e1e5571cc30.jpg


                             151 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 27, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Something is amiss with US political discourse on China

BODY:

It seems as if pointing accusing fingers at China has become political
correctness in the United States. As a result, US officials are now accustomed
to speaking with a forked tongue when it comes to China.

The most recent example is US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo's claim on Thursday
that the chief executive of Huawei Technologies was telling lies about the
company's ties to the Chinese government.

"The company is deeply tied not only to China but also to the Chinese Communist
Party. And that connectivity, the existence of those connections puts American
information that crosses those networks at risk," he alleged.

Once again there was no evidence to back up the allegation that Huawei has been
doing espionage work on behalf of the Chinese government.

As a Chinese company, it is natural for Huawei to have working relations with
the Chinese government. In the first place, it must be regulated by the local
government where it is located when it comes to administrative affairs
concerning the taxes it has to pay and social responsibilities it has to
perform.

But it does not mean that Huawei is spying on other countries on behalf of
China's military or the country's intelligence department.

The US secretary of state was telling the truth when he said that more US
companies would cut ties with Huawei. But that is not because they want to sever
their cooperation with Huawei. They are being forced to do so by the US
government, which put Huawei on a trade blacklist on May 15.

The fact is that US companies have to follow administrative orders of the US
government. Should we refer to such a situation as a kind of connectivity
between US companies and the US government? If so, do we assume that some US
companies may follow the administrative orders of the US government to conduct
espionage activities on behalf of the US intelligence? If so, should we say that
some US companies' connections with the US government pose a risk to the
national security of other countries?

National security has also become an important part of political correctness in
the US political discourse. When their China-bashing is closely combined with
national security, US politicians do not need any evidence or fact or even
common sense in their accusations against China. All they need is rhetoric, the
harsher the better.

This is dangerous for the healthy development of bilateral ties between the two
countries.

Rather than being obsessed with the presumption that the US has been victimized
in its trade with China, US politicians need to look at US-China relations
objectively and seek a pragmatic way to solve the differences between the two
countries and reach a workable deal.

In the first place, they need to modify their rhetoric when they talk about
China as the language they use shapes public perceptions, which in turn may
damage the foundation of bilateral ties.

(China Daily 05/27/2019 page8)


                             152 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 27, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Tariffs pose threat to global industrial chains, official says

BYLINE: Ouyang Shijia,wang Jianfen and Wang Shuqing

BODY:

The tariff increases that the United States has placed on Chinese goods affect
not only the interests of Chinese companies and consumers, but also their US
counterparts and threaten the security of global industrial and supply chains,
according to a senior Chinese industrial official.

"We once again urge the US to stop unreasonably suppressing Chinese companies.
Chinese companies deserve to invest and operate in a fair and just environment
in the US and the world," Vice-Minister of Industry and Information Technology
Wang Zhijun said.

Concerning the US decision to further increase tariffs on Chinese imports, Wang
said during a recent interview with news media that the total impact is
"controllable".

The nearly $200 billion of Chinese goods hit by additional US tariffs on May 10
accounted for 41.8 percent of China's US exports in 2018, or 8 percent of its
total exports.

Fifty percent of the enterprises affected by those additional tariffs are
foreign funded. Many of them are US companies whose primary market is in the US,
Wang said.

The recent US moves "abruptly interfere with" the normal order of the global
integrated circuit industry and undermine its stable development, he said.

China's chip industry has grown on average 20 percent annually since 2012, with
sales revenue reaching 653.2 billion yuan ($94.7 billion) in 2018, Wang said.

He conceded that there is a significant gap between China and global leaders in
the overall design, manufacturing, testing of the relevant equipment and raw
material processing for integrated circuits.

The tariff hikes will bring troubles in China's overseas manufacturing market,
but they will not lead to a decline in China's manufacturing sector, Mei Xinyu,
a researcher at the Chinese Academy of International Trade and Economic
Cooperation, said on Sunday.

"The US no longer accounts for such a significant market share as it did in the
old days," Mei said. "And the major market share is taken by the domestic
market, Europe, Japan and other emerging overseas markets. The US move will
gradually later affect its own market."

Mei said the US ban on Chinese tech titan Huawei and rumored imposition of
restrictions on Chinese surveillance giant Hikvision will not hamper the growth
of China's tech sector.

The US accounts for only a small part of Hikvision's overseas markets, and
Hikvision is not heavily reliant on US components for production, Mei said.

"Huawei's chip arm HiSilicon has produced 70 percent of global surveillance
chips. In past years, Japanese companies were Hikvision's main chip suppliers,
and now the major supplier is HiSilicon." Mei added.

Mei said that although the ban will have certain impacts on Huawei, the Chinese
telecom company has already prepared options to deal with the problem.

A recent report by Dongxing Securities said the US ban on Huawei will foster
demand for manufacturing independent and controllable semiconductor components
in China.

"We see remarkable room for growth in the next-generation 5G and consumer
electronics products in the future," the report said. "As the US has imposed
restrictions on Huawei's purchases of US technology, some major domestic
chipmakers will step in to offer the supply. As their market share grows in the
future, they will gradually be able to gain core capabilities and increase their
presence globally amid the fierce competition."

Dongxing Securities analysts noted in the report that the ban will set off alarm
bells in China, and the Chinese government and domestic companies will
accelerate the push for developing core industries, including in chips
manufacturing.

"As the division of the telecom industrial chain has become globalized, the US
ban will also affect US chipmakers' income," the report said. "Huawei lists 33
US companies among core suppliers, accounting for 36 percent of its total key
suppliers."

Contact the writers at ouyangshijia@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/27/2019 page3)


                             153 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 27, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Xi envisions cooperation on big data

BYLINE: Ma Si, Lu Haoting and Yang Jun in Guiyang

BODY:

President Xi Jinping called on Sunday for strengthened cooperation among
countries to explore opportunities of digital, internet-based intelligent
development and to properly address legal, security and governance challenges
arising from big data industry development.

President's message calls for tackling legal, security, governance challenges

President Xi Jinping called on Sunday for strengthened cooperation among
countries to explore opportunities of digital, internet-based intelligent
development and to properly address legal, security and governance challenges
arising from big data industry development.

He made the remarks in a congratulatory letter to the China International Big
Data Industry Expo 2019, which kicked off in Guiyang, Guizhou province.

The new generation of information technology, represented by the internet, big
data and artificial intelligence, is booming at present and has significant and
profound influence on various countries' economic development, social progress
and people's lives, Xi said in the letter.

China attaches great importance to the development of the big data industry and
is willing to share opportunities of the digital economy's development with
other countries and jointly explore new growth drivers and development paths by
exploring new technologies, new business forms and new models, Xi added.

With increasingly wider applications of digital technologies in China, the
country is expected to generate and store 27.8 percent of global online data by
2025, up from 23.4 percent last year, according to a report by market researcher
International Data Corp and data storage firm Seagate.

In comparison, the US share will stand at 17.5 percent by 2025, a drop from its
21 percent share in 2018, the report added.

United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said that from medicine to
transportation to farming, big data presents the world with a remarkable tool to
advance global progress, but with that opportunity also comes risk.

"We must work together to ensure that big data, and the technologies that it
enables, are harnessed for the benefit of mankind while minimizing the risks to
development, peace and security and human rights," Guterres said in a
congratulatory letter to the expo.

Miao Wei, minister of industry and information technology, said China has
already made significant progress in bolstering the big data industry with a
string of big data platforms established in sectors such as manufacturing,
commerce, finance, transportation and medical care.

"We will make a fresh push to integrate cutting-edge information technologies
into the real economy, including establishing a national industrial data center,
to better power the country's sprawling manufacturing sector," Miao said at the
opening ceremony of the big data expo.

According to the ministry, China's digital economy reached a total volume of
over 31 trillion yuan ($4.5 trillion), or 34.8 percent of its GDP, in 2018.

Yang Xiaowei, deputy head of the Cyberspace Administration of China, also called
for more efforts to develop the homegrown big data sector and highlighted that
stepping up research and development is key to mastering core technologies.

Paul Romer, co-recipient of the 2018 Nobel Prize in economics and professor of
economics at New York University, said he is impressed by China's proposal in
cyber sovereignty which he understands as: Each nation must be able to write and
enforce its own laws that regulate cyberspace, and ensure that cyberspace works
to the benefit of everyone in the nation.

"China's articulation and implementation of cyber sovereignty means it is a
chance for the world to see a different kind of organization for cyberspace, and
a chance to see that with the right structure, we can get tons of benefits,"
Romer added.

Lu Yong, vice-president of Huawei Technologies Co, said China's digital economy
has thrived on the basis that China has built the world's largest 4G network.

"5G is not just a faster 4G. It will fundamentally reshape how enterprises run
businesses and overhaul a wide range of industries by using data to create more
value," Lu said.

Contact the writers at masi@chinadaily.com.cn

Mini robots attract visitors at the China International Big Data Industry Expo
2019, which began in Guiyang, Guizhou province, on Sunday.Qiu Lingfeng / For
China Daily

(China Daily 05/27/2019 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/73/155891822079.jpg

00221917e13e1e556bf809.jpg


                             154 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 27, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: NPC chief's Hungarian visit boosts mutual ties

BODY:

BUDAPEST - With this year marking the 70th anniversary of Sino-Hungarian
diplomatic ties, the recent visit to Hungary by China's top legislator Li
Zhanshu has injected impetus into the traditional friendship between the two
countries.

Meeting with Hungarian President Janos Ader on Wednesday, Li, chairman of the
Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, conveyed President Xi
Jinping's greetings.

Li said that after China and Hungary lifted bilateral ties to a comprehensive
strategic partnership in 2017, their relationship entered a new stage featuring
a "speeding-up" of development.

During the meeting, Li and Ader spoke in-depth about environmental and resource
protection. Li said that protecting the environment and coping with climate
change requires countries to work together.

Ader said that both Hungary and China attach great importance to environmental
and resource protection, and they can deepen cooperation in such areas as water
pollution prevention and management, water resources development and
utilization.

When meeting with Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban on Thursday, Li said
relations between the two countries have maintained a smooth and healthy
development.

Hungary was the first European country to sign an intergovernmental cooperation
agreement with China over the Belt and Road Initiative.

Li called on the two sides to strengthen synergy of development strategies,
deepen the cooperation in economy, trade, investment, science and technology,
agriculture and interconnection.

In the meeting with Orban, Li pointed out that maintaining multilateralism and
free trade is the consensus of most countries in the world.

"China does not deliberately pursue a trade surplus and is willing to resolve
trade differences between countries through negotiation on the basis of mutual
respect, equality and mutual benefit," Li said.

"Despite the impact of some external factors, the Chinese economy has still
maintained a healthy and stable development, and we are full of confidence in
the Chinese economy," Li said.

Orban said Hungary firmly supports and actively participates in the Belt and
Road Initiative and is willing to work with China to jointly safeguard the free
trade system and promote economic development in Eurasia.

During the talks with Hungarian Parliament Speaker Laszlo Kover on Wednesday, Li
said that the NPC will maintain friendly relations with the Hungarian Parliament
and draw on experience in legislation and supervision to forge ahead with mutual
understanding and trust.

Kover said he expected the NPC and Hungarian Parliament to conduct close
exchanges, continuously enrich the contents of their cooperation and better
facilitate the countries' development.

During Li's three-day visit to Hungary, he also visited a Hungarian-Chinese
bilingual school, the European logistics center of information and
communications technology giant Huawei, and a China-Europe logistics cooperation
park for trade and business.

Hungary was the last stop of Li's 10-day European tour, which included visits to
Norway and Austria. He returned to Beijing on Friday.

Xinhua

(China Daily 05/27/2019 page3)


                             155 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 27, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: GAC and startup carmaker Nio announce launch of electric vehicle brand

BYLINE: Cao Yingying

BODY:

GAC-Nio, a joint venture between traditional carmaker GAC and startup Nio
established in April last year, is showing signs of progress, unveiling its
first brand and concept car in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province last Monday.

The new brand, Hycan, is aimed at the midmarket and will be priced slightly
higher than models from GAC New Energy but lower than that of Nio models.

The company believes that its light-asset strategy which focuses on R&D, design,
sales and after sales, and integrating manufacturing resources will alleviate
the typical financial pressures in the new energy vehicles industry.

The JV has taken its cues from the guideline released by the Ministry of
Information Technology in December encouraging more cooperation among carmakers
in terms of development and production, in order to facilitate faster and more
efficient production of NEVs.

Registered with an initial capital of 500 million yuan ($72.36 million), GAC-Nio
is owned by GAC Group, GAC New Energy Automobile, Nio and Nio Capital with 22.5
percent each, with the remaining 10 percent owned by employees of GAC-Nio.

"Hycan-branded vehicles will benefit from the global resources of GAC and Nio,
including technical teams from Beijing, Shanghai and Silicon Valley in the
United States where the GAC R&D Center and internet of vehicles R&D team of Nio
are based," said Liao Bing, CEO of GAC-Nio.

The Hycan concept, a pure electric SUV, will be put into production at the GAC's
NEV industrial park located in Guangzhou, according to the company.

Construction on the 45-billion-yuan park completed in January and is expected to
produce a total of 400,000 vehicles annually.

Liao said the pure electric SUV will hit the market by the end of this year and
is expected to be delivered to customers by the middle of next year.

In addition to support from GAC and Nio, the joint venture will also cooperate
with companies, such as lithium-ion battery provider CATL, telecom giant Huawei
and Bosch on key technologies such as powertrain and internet of vehicles.

According to official statistics, GAC New Energy Automobile sold 6,157 units in
the first four months of this year, marking a year-on-year increase of 82
percent.

The company has four models on the market, the GA3S PHEV, Aion S, GE3 530 and
GS4 PHEV.

The Aion S sedan, launched in late April, has received 30,000 orders and the
pure electric SUV Aion LX, which has a range of 600 kilometers on a single
charge, will be put into production in September. Nio has its ES8 and ES6 models
currently on the market.

In the first quarter, the startup delivered 4,010 units of its ES8, the top
selling model among NEV startups.

caoyingying@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/27/2019 page18)


                             156 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 27, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: GAC and startup carmaker Nio announce launch of electric vehicle brand

BYLINE: Cao Yingying

BODY:

GAC-Nio, a joint venture between traditional carmaker GAC and startup Nio
established in April last year, is showing signs of progress, unveiling its
first brand and concept car in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province last Monday.

The new brand, Hycan, is aimed at the midmarket and will be priced slightly
higher than models from GAC New Energy but lower than that of Nio models.

The company believes that its light-asset strategy which focuses on R&D, design,
sales and after sales, and integrating manufacturing resources will alleviate
the typical financial pressures in the new energy vehicles industry.

The JV has taken its cues from the guideline released by the Ministry of
Information Technology in December encouraging more cooperation among carmakers
in terms of development and production, in order to facilitate faster and more
efficient production of NEVs.

Registered with an initial capital of 500 million yuan ($72.36 million), GAC-Nio
is owned by GAC Group, GAC New Energy Automobile, Nio and Nio Capital with 22.5
percent each, with the remaining 10 percent owned by employees of GAC-Nio.

"Hycan-branded vehicles will benefit from the global resources of GAC and Nio,
including technical teams from Beijing, Shanghai and Silicon Valley in the
United States where the GAC R&D Center and internet of vehicles R&D team of Nio
are based," said Liao Bing, CEO of GAC-Nio.

The Hycan concept, a pure electric SUV, will be put into production at the GAC's
NEV industrial park located in Guangzhou, according to the company.

Construction on the 45-billion-yuan park completed in January and is expected to
produce a total of 400,000 vehicles annually.

Liao said the pure electric SUV will hit the market by the end of this year and
is expected to be delivered to customers by the middle of next year.

In addition to support from GAC and Nio, the joint venture will also cooperate
with companies, such as lithium-ion battery provider CATL, telecom giant Huawei
and Bosch on key technologies such as powertrain and internet of vehicles.

According to official statistics, GAC New Energy Automobile sold 6,157 units in
the first four months of this year, marking a year-on-year increase of 82
percent.

The company has four models on the market, the GA3S PHEV, Aion S, GE3 530 and
GS4 PHEV.

The Aion S sedan, launched in late April, has received 30,000 orders and the
pure electric SUV Aion LX, which has a range of 600 kilometers on a single
charge, will be put into production in September. Nio has its ES8 and ES6 models
currently on the market.

In the first quarter, the startup delivered 4,010 units of its ES8, the top
selling model among NEV startups.

caoyingying@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/27/2019 page18)


                             157 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 25, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Measures proposed to encourage innovation

BYLINE: Xu Wei

BODY:

China will provide greater fiscal support and better protection of intellectual
property rights to encourage its leading tech firms to step up research, an
official with the country's top industry regulator said on Friday.

Better intellectual property rights, fiscal support to bolster technology
research

China will provide greater fiscal support and better protection of intellectual
property rights to encourage its leading tech firms to step up research, an
official with the country's top industry regulator said on Friday.

Wang Zhijun, vice-minister of industry and information technology, said at a
news briefing that it is imperative that China's manufacturing sector focus on
groundbreaking research in core technologies and speed up efforts to fill gaps
and strengthen areas of weaknesses.

Wang made the remarks in response to reports that some Chinese high-tech
companies, including Huawei Technologies Co and Hangzhou Hikvision Digital
Technology Co, are facing restrictive measures from the United States on
technology supply.

"To solve the problem of weaknesses in core technologies, it is crucial to
enable businesses to play a major role and pursue innovation-driven growth," he
said.

Authorities will encourage businesses to focus on breakthroughs in key generic
technologies, leading technologies and modern engineering technologies, he said.

He also highlighted the significance of stepping up strategic guidance at a
national level to enable innovation to flow into the research of core
technologies and create a fair market environment.

An intellectual property rights protection mechanism featuring quick ownership
affirmation and rights protection will also be established for areas related to
core technologies to enable better protection, he added.

China's spending on science and research reached nearly 2 trillion yuan ($290
billion) last year, accounting for 2.18 percent of its GDP, up 11.6 percent from
2017, according to the National Bureau of Statistics.

Yang Weiwu, an official with the Department of Research Commercialization and
Regional Innovation under the Ministry of Science and Technology, said close to
80 percent of the country's total spending on science and research came from
enterprises.

"However, it is a lengthy process of accumulation for scientific innovation," he
said.

The ministry will step up support for private tech businesses with more measures
to guide the growth of incubators and accelerate the commercialization of
research outcomes, he said, adding that more tax cuts will also be made
available to small and medium-sized enterprises in the tech sector.

Private businesses will also receive support in building key labs and
engineering technology research centers at a national level to boost their
innovation capacities, he said.

xuwei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/25/2019 page5)


                             158 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 25, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Huawei's workers tell their stories of resilience, solidarity

BYLINE: Zhang Zhihao

BODY:

A public letter titled "We, the Huawei people" from telecom giant Huawei
detailing its employees' personal stories of solidarity and resilience amid
restrictions from the United States, went viral on Chinese social media on
Friday.

The letter was published by Xinsheng Shequ, Huawei's official employee community
platform, on its Sina Weibo account on Thursday. As of Friday afternoon, the
letter has received more than 190 million reads.

Chinese netizens have flooded the comment sections of Huawei's social media
platforms as well as news outlets that have reported on the letter, many leaving
the message: "Huawei, fight on."

The letter is a collection of short stories submitted by anonymous Huawei
employees depicting how their lives have subtly changed after the US last week
put Huawei and its affiliates on an "Entity List", which restricts the sale or
transfer of US technologies to the company.

Ren Zhengfei, founder and CEO of Huawei, said on Tuesday that "not a single
Huawei employee is fazed" by the new challenges. "We think it is rather normal."

Ren said there has been a lot of speculation and exaggeration regarding Huawei's
situation. "If one wants to truly know what is happening in Huawei, please read
our Xinsheng Shequ."

One of the entries by a Huawei employee said that his girlfriend had been
quarreling with him because he often worked overtime, even during the weekends.
However, after she heard about the US ban, she stopped fighting with him and
promised to be supportive.

Another employee said family members changed their opinions about working for
Huawei. "They had been constantly urging me to leave because I worked away from
home and couldn't take care of them. Now, they want me to stay, saying one must
grow a spine and leaving now feels like being a deserter."

Another entry said that some employees cut their lunch periods short to get back
to work after hearing about threats and negative headlines from the US when
eating at the cafeteria.

"I'm not sure if there is any company in the world that is constantly being
threatened by the US with a gun to its head," it said. "Nobody is panicking, we
just work harder."

The letter said these stories are the true illustration of the 180,000 Huawei
employees, and represent the truest and deepest heartfelt wishes of every Huawei
personnel.

Huawei confirmed the authenticity of the letter on Friday with China Daily, but
would not comment more on it.

Chai Hua in Shenzhen contributed to this story.

zhangzhihao@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/25/2019 page2)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/60/155874528404.jpg

a41f726719b21e52c0bc08.jpg


                             159 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 25, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: US politicians criticized for 'lies, rumors' about Huawei

BYLINE: Zhou Jin

BODY:

Beijing slammed some politicians in Washington on Friday for fabricating rumors
and instigating ideological opposition by linking Chinese telecom giant Huawei
with the Chinese government.

Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang responded to comments by United States
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo on Thursday that Huawei is deeply tied not only
to the Chinese government but also to the Communist Party of China, and that
those connections put US information crossing its networks at risk.

Pompeo said in an interview with CNBC: "We've been working at the State
Department to make sure that everyone understands the risks."

At a daily news conference in Beijing, Lu responded: "Recently, some US
politicians have repeatedly spread rumors about Huawei but can't provide any of
the evidence that other countries have requested."

He said the US public is becoming frustrated with the market turbulence and
damage to industrial cooperation caused by the trade and technology war
initiated by the US.

"So some US politicians have continually made up subjective and presumptuous
lies to mislead the public, and now they are stirring up ideological opposition
that defies logic," Lu said.

Ideological differences do not necessarily impede trade or industrial or
technological cooperation between countries, he said, adding that the Chinese
and US governments have been promoting, expanding and deepening bilateral
cooperation in various fields since the establishment of diplomatic ties 40
years ago.

The two sides signed the China-US Science and Technology Cooperation Agreement
in 1979, which was among the earliest intergovernmental cooperation agreements.

US President Donald Trump said on Thursday that US complaints against Huawei
might be resolved within the framework of a bilateral trade deal, Reuters
reported.

In response, Lu again urged the US side to immediately stop using its influence
to suppress companies in other countries or seek unjustified advantage, and to
stop disturbing the market and doing damage to international cooperation.

zhoujin@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/25/2019 page1)


                             160 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 25, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Measures proposed to encourage innovation

BYLINE: Xu Wei

BODY:

China will provide greater fiscal support and better protection of intellectual
property rights to encourage its leading tech firms to step up research, an
official with the country's top industry regulator said on Friday.

Better intellectual property rights, fiscal support to bolster technology
research

China will provide greater fiscal support and better protection of intellectual
property rights to encourage its leading tech firms to step up research, an
official with the country's top industry regulator said on Friday.

Wang Zhijun, vice-minister of industry and information technology, said at a
news briefing that it is imperative that China's manufacturing sector focus on
groundbreaking research in core technologies and speed up efforts to fill gaps
and strengthen areas of weaknesses.

Wang made the remarks in response to reports that some Chinese high-tech
companies, including Huawei Technologies Co and Hangzhou Hikvision Digital
Technology Co, are facing restrictive measures from the United States on
technology supply.

"To solve the problem of weaknesses in core technologies, it is crucial to
enable businesses to play a major role and pursue innovation-driven growth," he
said.

Authorities will encourage businesses to focus on breakthroughs in key generic
technologies, leading technologies and modern engineering technologies, he said.

He also highlighted the significance of stepping up strategic guidance at a
national level to enable innovation to flow into the research of core
technologies and create a fair market environment.

An intellectual property rights protection mechanism featuring quick ownership
affirmation and rights protection will also be established for areas related to
core technologies to enable better protection, he added.

China's spending on science and research reached nearly 2 trillion yuan ($290
billion) last year, accounting for 2.18 percent of its GDP, up 11.6 percent from
2017, according to the National Bureau of Statistics.

Yang Weiwu, an official with the Department of Research Commercialization and
Regional Innovation under the Ministry of Science and Technology, said close to
80 percent of the country's total spending on science and research came from
enterprises.

"However, it is a lengthy process of accumulation for scientific innovation," he
said.

The ministry will step up support for private tech businesses with more measures
to guide the growth of incubators and accelerate the commercialization of
research outcomes, he said, adding that more tax cuts will also be made
available to small and medium-sized enterprises in the tech sector.

Private businesses will also receive support in building key labs and
engineering technology research centers at a national level to boost their
innovation capacities, he said.

xuwei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/25/2019 page5)


                             161 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 24, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: US attempts to colonize global business continue

BODY:

Reportedly, the United States administration is considering extending its
attacks on Chinese companies by blacklisting China's largest surveillance
equipment manufacturer Hikvision.

If so, Hikvision - which has about 20 percent of the global market share and has
been the leading player in the industry for seven consecutive years - will
become the fourth Chinese company Washington has targeted after the
telecommunications companies ZTE and Huawei, and drone maker DJI.

Unlike the previous three companies, which the US administration has justified
the attacks on with the excuse it is protecting national security, the premise
for setting its sights on Hikvision, which serves customers in more than 150
countries, including the US, is the familiar discrediting of China's policy
toward the Uygurs in the Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region.

Which in itself is a worrying development since it may be the start of the US
using the domestic affairs of other countries as a pretext to stifle the growth
of foreign competitors to US companies.

Washington, of course, is trying to put the US on the high moral ground while
embedding its trade frictions with other countries into its political agenda and
using its economic policy for its foreign policy aims.

In this way, it is hoping to achieve the colonization of the global business
world, allegedly under the banners of human rights, freedom and democracy.

If Washington really cared about the human rights situation in Xinjiang, it
would by no means ignore the development of the region. Over the past four
decades, the region's economy has increased more than 250 times, and the
well-being of the Uygur people has improved markedly. Their population has grown
from about 2 million in the 1950s to about 13 million, and their religious
rights and practices are protected by the law.

Nor would it adopt a double standard and criticize China's efforts to counter
terrorism and extremism. Last year, tourists from home and abroad paid more than
150 million trips to Xinjiang, thanks to the improved security situation in the
region. That Xinjiang has not witnessed any violent or terrorist incidents in
recent years proves the effectiveness of the joint efforts of the government and
local people in maintaining regional peace and stability.

Xinjiang is undoubtedly in its best development stage in history. Facts speak
louder than words, but still they cannot wake up persons pretending to be
asleep.

The targeting of Hikvision is just par for the course for the current US
administration, which is obsessed with impeding China's development.

(China Daily 05/24/2019 page8)


                             162 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 24, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: It's time US stopped acting like a bully

BYLINE: Chen Weihua

BODY:

Over the four decades of reform and opening-up, China has wholeheartedly
embraced economic globalization, a concept introduced to the country by Western
governments, economists and multinational corporations. China, it was said at
the time, could use its comparative advantages, mainly its cheap labor and later
also its huge market, to become part of global supply chains.

Indeed, China has turned out to be a major beneficiary of globalization. It has
become a top destination for foreign direct investment, the world's
second-largest economy and the largest trading country.

China has also become a main engine for global economic growth, contributing 35
percent of global GDP growth from 2017 to 2019, compared with 18 percent by the
US and 7.9 percent by the European Union, according to the World Bank.

The Chinese and the global economies - especially those of Japan, the Republic
Korea, ASEAN member states, the European Union and the United States - have
become deeply interdependent. Such global economic cooperation and global supply
chains worked well until the US administration triggered a trade dispute with
China and its other main trading partners last year.

The raising of tariffs on $200 billion of Chinese products from 10 percent to 25
percent two weeks ago and the White House's executive order last week to ban
Huawei from the US market will deal a fresh blow to the global supply chains,
causing job losses, business closures and economic slowdown not just in China,
but also in the US and many other countries because their economies are
intertwined.

The US National Security Strategy report issued in December 2017 defined China
as a revisionist power. But when Steve Orlins, president of the National
Committee on US-China Relations, asked a panel of top China experts in the US on
Tuesday evening, "Is China a revisionist power?", he was reminded by Douglas
Paal, who has had a long career in the US government, that even the author of
the strategy who appeared in Pennsylvania recently could not answer that
question.

There is no doubt that growing US unilateralism and protectionism, whether in
trade or other areas such as climate change, have already made the US the top
revisionist power. But revisionism may not sufficiently describe the US actions.
Martin Wolf, chief economics commentator at the Financial Times, wrote on
Tuesday that "the US has become a rogue superpower, hostile, among many other
things, to the fundamental norms of a trading system based on multilateral
agreement and binding rules".

He deplored the fact that not only China, but also US allies have become "a
target of the wave of bilateral bullying" by the US administration, referring to
Washington's earlier threat to impose punitive tariffs on European cars in the
name of protecting US national security.

Anne Krueger, a US economist and former World Bank chief economist and former
first deputy managing director of the International Monetary Fund, wrote in a
Project Syndicate article on May 16 that "by acting like an insecure bully", the
US is becoming "increasingly isolated in the global economy".

The US has long touted itself as a champion of free trade, but none of its
actions in the past two years has reflected such a spirit, and its crusade
against Huawei and other Chinese tech companies is based on sheer speculation.

If the world does not stand up and speak up against such a bully, it will risk
hurting the global economy that is so vital for everyone. Without firing a shot,
trade wars can kill and hurt as many people as a real war.

The author is chief of China Daily EU Bureau based in Brussels.

chenweihua@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/24/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/59/155865891288.jpg

a41f726b05111e51841238.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/74/155865891324.jpg

a41f726b05111e51841739.jpg


                             163 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 24, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Developing China's science and technology in an inclusive way

BODY:

Whatever the result of the trade dispute with the United States, China must do a
good job when it comes to the growth of its own economy and the development of
its own science and technology.

Which is why President Xi Jinping said on Monday that a company can hardly
produce competitive products and succeed in the fierce global competition unless
it has independent intellectual property rights.

And this is why the Ministry of Finance issued policies on Wednesday to exempt
enterprises engaged in the design of integrated circuits and software production
from paying tax on their revenue for the first two years in which they start to
make a profit, and 50 percent in the following three years.

With Washington restricting US companies from supplying Chinese tech enterprises
with key components, it is natural that China should prioritize developing its
own core technologies.

Self-reliance and hard work can never be overestimated at any time and in any
circumstances for a country as huge and populous as China.

However, the stress on the development of its own core technologies does not
mean that China is rejecting cooperation with the outside world. Instead, China
welcomes cooperation with any country at any time in pursuit of innovations in
any areas.

China would never have achieved what it has in science and technology had it not
opened up to the outside world in the past four decades. China is opening its
door wider and is willing to work with any country, as long as the cooperation
can promote mutual economic development and, if possible, the development of the
world economy as well.

With a view to strangling the development of China's science and technology, the
US has used the pretext of national security to stop US companies from
cooperating with Chinese enterprises.

It is unprecedented for a government to employ all the means of the state to
stifle the development of an enterprise of another country.

The US has sought to bring an abrupt halt to the development of Huawei. And by
smearing the Chinese high-tech company with claims it is a national security
risk, Washington is trying to wash itself clean by inverting the truth - as
National Security Agency documents leaked by the whistleblower Edward Snowden
show the US hacked into Huawei's systems.

What the US has been doing to Huawei has had ramifications for the development
of the networks worldwide and hindered global cooperation to ensure the security
of 5G networks. The rest of the world should now appreciate how detrimental tech
unilateralism and protectionism is to the development of science and technology
worldwide.

China, on its part, remains open and inclusive in the development of its science
and technology.

(China Daily 05/24/2019 page8)


                             164 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 24, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Guiyang grows its global influence via big data

BYLINE: Yuan Shenggao

BODY:

Guiyang, capital of Southwest China's Guizhou province, reaped good results in
high-quality development with its focus on the big data industry. Its advantages
in geography, climate and operational cost have attracted numerous internet
giants to develop some of the most cutting-edge technologies in the world.

Provincial capital becomes ideal technology investment destination

Guiyang, capital of Southwest China's Guizhou province, reaped good results in
high-quality development with its focus on the big data industry. Its advantages
in geography, climate and operational cost have attracted numerous internet
giants to develop some of the most cutting-edge technologies in the world.

With hundreds of billions of yuan flowing into the city, its GDP saw significant
growth and has improved the livelihoods of local people. Its brand as the
"Chinese data valley" has helped influence investors.

CNN published a story about Guizhou last year on its website. It said Guizhou,
which reminds people of Kweichow Moutai, ethnic groups and seems to have no
business with high technology, has seen a dramatic transformation since 2014.

That year, it began to develop big data and has made rapid progress in new
technology.

Later, it was named the first national big data comprehensive experimental zone
and has pioneered many innovations in big data.

Apple, Intel, SAP, Alibaba, Tencent, Huawei and other leading companies operate
there.

According to CNN's report, the cool weather in Guiyang can prevent servers
overheating and save energy. The rich power and water supply can provide
reliable and cheap clean energy for big data centers.

Also, the geological environment in the city is stable, safeguarding the safety
of data.

Indian media TNN mentioned in a report in November 2018 that Guiyang had
constructed a big data center. The local government had offered many incentives,
such as rental-free offices. The Indian government also expects to enhance IT
cooperation with Guiyang.

Franklin Urteaga, former innovation adviser to the White House, said the big
data development in Guiyang has had a gradual influence on the world.

Resources from around the world gather in Guiyang and return after
"fermentation" there, which has a significant influence on global economic and
social development, he said.

He added big data is the basis for the digital economy. The growth of Silicon
Valley also has a history of gathering high-tech resources. Guiyang might be the
next Silicon Valley.

Now, Guiyang has 10 big data industrial parks and 1,632 big data companies. The
revenue of big data has reached 100 billion yuan ($14.46 billion), data from the
local government showed.

By the end of 2018, the index evaluating how big data merged with the real
economy of the city reached 45.3, the highest in the province.

Its GDP grew 9.9 percent to surpass 379.8 billion yuan last year. Its economic
growth topped all capital cities nationwide for six years.

Chen Yan, mayor of Guiyang, said during this year's two sessions, the annual
meetings of the top legislative body and political advisory body, that the
application of big data in various industries has created a new engine for
industrial transformation, brought new life for the people and ushered in a new
era for the city.

For example, local industries have become more intelligent and digital.
Guiyang's online service system allows traditional industries to improve quality
and efficiency, backed up by big data and intelligent manufacturing technology.

Also, the city attaches importance to data safety. It has built a big data and
internet safety system to practice defense against attacks. Its experience can
be shared among other regions.

Key big data expo to open

The 2019 China International Big Data Industry Expo is expected to open this
Sunday. As the most influential national event in the big data segment, the expo
will welcome about 1,700 corporate executives, officials, experts and members of
media from 38 countries and regions.

With the theme of "Data creates value, innovation drives the future", the expo
will feature exhibitions, conventions, report releases, competitions and other
activities.

A total of 448 companies will attend, compared with 388 last year. Among them,
156 are from the overseas. Only 56 overseas companies attended in 2018.

Wang Yongdong, Microsoft's corporate vice-president, said the company keeps
close relations with Guiyang. Their cooperation includes the construction of a
data laboratory, the Microsoft IT institute and training of professionals.

"From cloud computing to artificial intelligence, the digital transformation,
driven by new technology, has brought many opportunities to the innovative
development of companies and regions," he added.

Troy Haines, senior vice-president of SAS Institute, said during last year's
event that the expo showed China's leading position in big data. The rest of the
world is watching what will happen there in terms of applications of big data,
he added.

Cecille El Beleidi, British consul-general in Chongqing, said the collaboration
between the United Kingdom and Guizhou is strong and active, and the UK has
engaged in the expo since its launch in 2015.

This year's expo will focus on expediting the application of big data to the
real economy. Nine top-level talks will discuss the use of big data in poverty
relief, digitalization of industries, media and technological innovation.

A total of 49 forums will focus on the digital economy, technological
innovation, integrative development, data security, cooperation and
communications. Among them, 15 forums will be organized by branches of
ministries.

The exhibition area is about 60,000 square meters, involving global cutting-edge
technology, digital applications, innovation and entrepreneurship.

Each category will have two exhibition halls. Attendees include Google, Dell,
Pivotal and other overseas companies from 25 countries such as the US, UK,
Germany, Canada and Australia.

The expo will also have six competitions involving artificial intelligence,
automatic driving, apps in industries, internet security and big data analysis.

(China Daily 05/24/2019 page7)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/87/155865891583.jpg

a41f726b05111e5182f330.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/90/155865891647.jpg

a41f726b05111e5182e92f.jpg


                             165 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 24, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Suppliers from worldwide state support for Huawei

BYLINE: Ma Si, Cheng Yu and Wang Qingyun

BODY:

Huawei Technologies Co is securing support from some key suppliers and customers
amid the announced United States government restrictions on the Chinese telecom
giant.

Panasonic Corp said on its China website on Thursday that it is continuing to
supply components to Huawei despite reports that it will cut cooperation.

Taiwan-based TSMC, the world's biggest contract chipmaker, said its shipments to
Huawei have not been affected by the US ban on the latter's access to US
components, Reuters reported on Thursday.

On Monday, the US Department of Commerce issued a 90-day temporary license,
effective until Aug 19, allowing "specific limited engagement in transactions
involving the export, reexport, and transfer of items" to Huawei.

Some analysts said the US moves against Huawei will lead to strong support for
the unlisted Chinese firm as Huawei is working hard to offset the fallout of the
restrictions.

Xiang Ligang, director-general of telecom industry association Information
Consumption Alliance, said TSMC's commitment to continue shipping products is of
strategic importance to Huawei. "TSMC produces most of Huawei's chips. Only with
its cooperation is it possible for Huawei to have a Plan B in stocking in-house
processors in order to offset fallout from the US ban on its access to US
chips," Xiang said.

He said the move by Panasonic also showcases that the Japanese tech company is
not willing to surrender to political pressure from Washington, after earlier
reports that it had stopped shipments of certain components to Huawei. The firm
bought $6.3 billion worth of products including batteries and electronic
components from Panasonic in 2018, according to Nikkei Asian Review.

United Kingdom-based mobile operator EE said on Wednesday that its 5G network in
the UK would rely on equipment made by Huawei.

Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said on Thursday that enterprises in any
country will not disregard their own interests and blindly follow other
countries' "political command".

"Most countries have always been highly alert to US government acts of resorting
to state power to crack down on companies in other countries, disrupt markets
and obstruct mutually beneficial cooperation between other countries," Lu said.

But the positive development is also accompanied by some concerns. A string of
Japanese carriers, including NTT Docomo, said they were also considering
delaying the launch of Huawei's new smartphones. Their hesitance is due to
uncertainty about Google's previous announcement that it would restrict Huawei's
access to updates of the Android operating system in compliance with a US ban.

EE also said it is delaying its launch of Huawei's 5G smartphones.

Jia Mo, an analyst at Singapore-based market research company Canalys, said the
delayed product releases in certain markets will harm Huawei's smartphone
business, but Huawei is working on its own mobile operating system, which can
help relieve some pressure in the domestic market.

On Thursday, in response to media reports that UK chip firm Arm Holdings told
its staff to suspend dealings with Huawei, Ren Zhengfei, CEO of Huawei, said in
an interview with Chinese financial media website Caixin that his company has
acquired a permanent licensing of the ARM architecture, the basis for Huawei to
design its chips.

Arm China also said in a reply to China Daily that "we are in active
communication to find appropriate solutions that comply with current laws and
regulations".

Contact the writers at masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/24/2019 page1)


                             166 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 24, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Talks require US to 'correct wrong moves'

BYLINE: Ren Xiaojin, Zhong Nan and Jing Shuiyu

BODY:

The United States needs to practice sincerity and "correct its wrong moves" if
it wants to continue trade talks with China, the Ministry of Commerce said on
Thursday.

Beijing urges Washington to practice sincerity in order to further negotiations

The United States needs to practice sincerity and "correct its wrong moves" if
it wants to continue trade talks with China, the Ministry of Commerce said on
Thursday.

The US administration decided on May 10 to further raise tariffs on Chinese
imports, and it then placed restrictions on Huawei's business operations, which
has harmed the interests of companies and financial markets in both countries.

Gao Feng, ministry spokesman, said the US government's recent moves have
unilaterally escalated trade friction, resulting in serious difficulties for
economic and trade negotiations.

China's position has always been clear: The US needs to be more sincere and
correct its wrong practices if it wants to continue talks, which need to be
based on mutual respect with both sides treating each other equally, he said.

China and the US have been embroiled in tit-for-tat trade tensions over the past
few months. There's rising concern that the trade dispute between the world's
two largest economies will threaten global growth prospects.

Gao said that China will further open and reform its markets, as well as provide
companies with a convenient and predictable environment to help them improve
their ability to respond to potential risks.

The misuse of state power by the US to suppress Chinese companies not only
seriously undermines the commercial cooperation between companies in both sides,
but poses a serious threat to the stability of the global industrial chain, said
Gao.

"China firmly opposes (the misuse) and hopes that the US will remain rational.
In the meantime, we will follow the situation closely and will be prepared for
future change," he said.

Also on Thursday, Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said China hopes the US
will take a serious attitude about returning to the negotiating table and ensure
that negotiations are meaningful.

Lu's comment followed US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin's remark on Wednesday
that he is hopeful that both countries will "go back to the table".

China has reiterated that its door is always open, but negotiations must be
meaningful and conducted with sincerity, Lu said at a news briefing.

"A mutually beneficial deal must be based on mutual respect, equality and
win-win outcomes," the spokesman said.

In a response to recent US actions, Gao, the Ministry of Commerce spokesman,
said China urges the US to end "long-arm jurisdiction", correct its erroneous
practices and create conditions for companies from the two countries to carry
out trade cooperation and avoid further confrontation.

"Necessary measures will be taken to resolutely safeguard legitimate rights and
interests," he added.

The ministry stressed that all foreign companies in China, including US
enterprises, will be protected by the Chinese government amid the escalating
trade friction, and the ministry is currently looking into efficient ways to
further optimize the business environment.

Yu Miaojie, deputy dean of the National School of Development at Peking
University, said China has sufficient tools to address the impact from trade
disputes with the US.

In the long-term perspective, the country needs to open its market wider to the
world, Yu said.

"Don't overemphasize the markets in the US and European Union. China needs to
place more emphasis on other markets. For example, China's exports to India,
Russia and Brazil account for about 7 to 8 percent of the country's total," Yu
said.

He said China also needs to advance the Regional Comprehensive Economic
Partnership, a proposed free trade agreement between member states of the
Association of Southeast Asian Nations.

Xu Wei contributed to this story.

Contact the writers at renxiaojin@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/24/2019 page1)


                             167 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 24, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: SCO ministers oppose unfair practices in technology sectors

BYLINE: Xinhua and China Daily

BODY:

Foreign ministers of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization have stressed their
opposition to discriminatory practices in the fields of digital economy and
communication technology.

A communique adopted by the ministers on Wednesday said that it is necessary to
improve global economic governance and promote trade and investment cooperation.

The ministers also jointly opposed all forms of unilateralism and trade
protectionism.

The communique came amid escalating trade tensions between China and the United
States. In addition to Huawei, more Chinese technology companies have reportedly
been blacklisted by the United States.

State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi said on Wednesday he briefed his
counterparts at the SCO ministerial meeting in Kyrgyzstan's capital Bishkek on
the situation, and that China's stance gained understanding and support from
them.

He said some people in the US do not want China to have the legitimate right to
development, and they attempt to impede China's development process.

According to the communique, the ministers called for a crackdown on activities
that use information and communication technologies such as the internet to
undermine the political, economic and social stability of SCO member states.

The ministers said that the top priority of the international community is to
establish a multipolar world in accordance with the principles of respecting
each other's interests, multilateralism, equal and indivisible security, and a
rejection of confrontation and conflict.

According to the communique, the ministers also reiterated support for the Belt
and Road Initiative and acknowledged the efforts made by all parties toward
jointly building the BRI as well as aligning the initiative with the Eurasian
Economic Union.

They also underlined the significance of safeguarding and implementing the Iran
nuclear deal and called on all sides to fulfill their obligations, the
communique said.

They strongly condemned terrorism in any form and supported the establishment of
a global anti-terrorism united front with the United Nations as a key
coordinator, it said.

(China Daily 05/24/2019 page3)


                             168 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 24, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Focus on education crucial to stay ahead, Ren says

BODY:

In his wide-ranging interview with Chinese media, Huawei founder and CEO Ren
Zhengfei pointed to education and its fundamental role in improving China's
competitive strength.

Amid its competition with the US, "there is no other road for China but to
improve its education", he said.

A country needs to open up to have a future and it is the quality of its
learning culture that fuels the strength needed to achieve that, he said.

"What is the foundation of a strong country? There is the hardware, such as
railways, highways, transportation and urban infrastructure ... (but) hardware
facilities have no 'soul', the 'soul' lies in ... the quality of culture," Ren
said. Investment in education is thus crucial for the country to stay ahead of
the game, he said.

"Starting today, if many children in rural areas earn doctorates, master's
degrees in 20 or 30 years, they will fight for the country in new areas of
innovation and strive for the country's new future and destiny," Ren said. If
there is no such culture of learning and improvement, only low-level wage
earners will be left to face rising automation in many industries, he said.

While educational levels have greatly improved with the move toward an
"intelligent society", with the state also focusing on comprehensive,
high-quality learning, more is needed to spur vocational training, Ren said.

In Germany, for example, a lot of attention is rightly given to high-level
vocational training, he said.

Ren also spoke about his belief in the importance of mathematics and statistics
education. There have been improvements recently and there is now a better
distribution of math graduates, he said.

"How many of us are willing to learn? I did not study mathematics. I used to say
that after I retire, I want to find a good university and learn mathematics,"
Ren said.

Similarly, there needs to be greater focus on statistics, he said.

"We often do not pay attention to statistics. Which schools in our country
attach great importance to statistics? In other countries, computational
statistics is artificial intelligence," he said, adding that while the subject
is an important part of many fields, it is often sidelined and suffers from a
dearth of specialists across sectors.

The emphasis on education and training, with the nurturing of a culture of
learning as its foundation, is a national effort and no single enterprise can
assume that responsibility, Ren said.

China Daily

(China Daily 05/24/2019 page14)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/65/155865894426.jpg

a41f726719b21e5172de31.jpg


                             169 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 24, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Huawei ready for 'worst-case scenario'

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

As Huawei Technologies Co faces arguably its biggest challenge in its
30-year-plus history, the company's 74-year-old founder Ren Zhengfei wants to
show the world that Huawei is prepared for a worst-case scenario.

Easing of restrictions doesn't mean much, founder of telecom company says

As Huawei Technologies Co faces arguably its biggest challenge in its
30-year-plus history, the company's 74-year-old founder Ren Zhengfei wants to
show the world that Huawei is prepared for a worst-case scenario.

Instead of responding to the US-led crackdown on Huawei with anger, Ren, who is
also the CEO of Huawei, said he is still of firm belief that global cooperation
is a must to take the telecom industry forward.

A visitor tries out Huawei's 5G technology at a science and technology
exhibition in Kiev, Ukraine, earlier this month. Chen Junfeng / Xinhua

President of Huawei's Honor brand, George Zhao, launches the Honor 20 range of
smartphones at an event in London, Britain, on Tuesday. Peter Nicholls / Reuters

"Huawei is now like a plane, working hard to fly back (to our base) while fixing
(the holes on) its body," Ren said during an interview on Tuesday. The plane Ren
is referring to is an Ilyushin Il-2 aircraft, which kept flying despite being
hit by antiaircraft shells and machine-gun fire and managed to make its way back
home during the World War II. The image of the aircraft is featured in a poster
of Huawei's internal portal. Its tagline reads: Heroes are forged, not born.

These words mirror how Huawei, the world's largest telecom equipment maker and
second-largest smartphone vendor, is dealing with the US government's ban which
forbids it from buying US technologies without special approval.

'We are well-prepared'

Though wings of "our plane" have been struck, the core part of the "aircraft" is
based on self-developed components using world-leading technologies, Ren said.
"We are well-prepared for such a scenario with a Plan B (for all high-end
components)," he said.

In a two-and-half-hour interview with Chinese media, he said the US government's
decision to ease its ban on Huawei for 90 days "doesn't mean much", for the
company has already made sound preparations for the restrictions.

"We can make the chips that we bought from US companies, but it does not mean we
will stop buying chips from them. Instead, we should grow together," Ren said.

"We don't want to do harm to friends," he said. "We want to help them achieve
good balance sheets."

According to him, during the "peace period", half of the company's chips were
from US companies, while the remaining half was developed by itself. Currently,
Huawei buys at least 50 million sets of chips every year from US semiconductor
giant Qualcomm Inc.

"If there is a supply shortage, we have a backup," said Ren, who founded Huawei
in 1987. Huawei's chip-designing arm HiSilicon is now capable of designing
processors for smartphones, servers, artificial intelligence products and
others.

HiSilicon President He Tingbo said in an internal letter last week: "We have
been developing backup products for years. Such efforts can ensure strategic
safety of most of the company's products and continuous supply of most
products."

When it comes to the operating system for smartphones, Huawei has developed its
own version, which could hit the market as early as this autumn. Huawei's OS is
expected to replace Google's Android operating system in its smartphones in case
the US tech company restricts its use on Huawei devices in compliance with the
US ban.

These moves are all part of Huawei's efforts to prepare for actions from the US
government, which accuses it of posing national security risk. The
Shenzhen-based company repeatedly denied the accusation and said these charges
were not supported by factual evidence.

Last week, US President Donald Trump signed an executive order restricting US
telecom carriers from buying products from companies deemed as national security
risks. Separately, the US Commerce Department added Huawei and its 70 affiliates
to an Entity List, which banned the company from buying parts and components
from US companies without prior government approval.

On Monday, the US said it had temporarily eased restrictions and issued a 90-day
license to allow Huawei to purchase US technology in order to maintain existing
networks and provide software updates for existing Huawei handsets.

Home industry to get boost

Wang Peng, deputy head of China Center for Information Industry Development, a
think tank, said the move signifies the US has realized that cutting off all
supplies to Huawei would hurt the interests of millions of its people.

"Some small US mobile carriers, for instance, bought Huawei's cost-effective
products to build their existing rural networks. A sizable number of overseas
consumers also use handsets from Huawei," Wang said.

Last year, Huawei bought $11 billion worth of products and services from US
companies. Some US semiconductor companies, like Qorvo, get about 10 percent of
their revenues from Huawei, according to a report by financial services company
Credit Suisse.

John Neuffer, president of the Semiconductor Industry Association, which
represents US chipmakers and designers, said in a statement that the association
hopes to work with the administration to broaden the scope of the 90-day
license.

According to Ren, the current difficulties can spur China to develop its own
semiconductor industry in a systematic manner. "Pouring in money is not enough;
talent, including mathematicians and physicists, is needed to develop the
homegrown chip sector."

"Global talent is also needed. It is very difficult to rely solely on China's
independent innovation to succeed. Why can't we embrace the world and rely on
global innovation?" Ren said.

During the interview, Ren thanked the US companies that have helped Huawei grow
in the international tech arena, adding that many of its consultants are from
the US companies, including IBM.

"Our friendship with them was formed years or decades ago," Ren said, adding
that if US companies can get government approvals, Huawei would still want to
buy large quantity of components from them and maintain normal trade
cooperation.

"Building an information society for human beings requires joint efforts," Ren
said.

According to him, many small US companies have super-precision products.

"In our business (5G), Huawei is at the forefront, but when it comes to
comparison between countries, we are still far behind the US," Ren added. US
technology has the depth that Huawei can learn from, Ren said.

5G tech leader

Huawei has evolved into a global giant with a sprawling presence in businesses,
including smartphones, cloud computing, artificial intelligence and
semiconductors. Its products and services are available in more than 170
countries and regions.

In the first three months of this year, Huawei posted a revenue of 179.7 billion
yuan ($26.8 billion), a 39 percent year-on-year growth, despite challenges it
faces in some international markets.

Ren said while the US ban may slow the company's growth, it will not go through
an extreme shortage of supplies.

When it comes to 5G, the next-generation mobile communications technology,
Huawei has maintained its edge. Ren highlighted that the company's 5G plan will
not be affected by the current challenges.

"Rivals will not be able to catch up with Huawei's 5G technology for two to
three years," he said.

By the end of March 2019, Huawei had signed 40 commercial contracts for 5G with
leading global carriers, and shipped more than 70,000 5G base stations to
markets around the world. These figures represent the industry's largest.

Ren said that despite the US efforts to make its allies to ban Huawei, the
company maintains close ties with European companies. He said its 5G features
are well-suited for Europe.

"For instance, 5G capacity is 20 times that of 4G, and its power consumption 10
times less. And the size of 5G base stations is much smaller than those of 4G,
allowing them to be conveniently installed even in sewers. We use materials that
do not corrode for decades. These are well-suited for Europe, where many old
cities do not have places to build giant telecom towers and install big base
stations," Ren said.

The US-led crackdown on Huawei has been interpreted by some observers as the
beginning of a new Cold War between China and the US in advanced technology.

Washington's stand on Huawei, along with the intensified conflict over bilateral
trade issues, has boosted popular support for the company in China. Some people
have called for supporting Huawei by boycotting Apple, a US tech company.

Ren, however, says: "Supporting Huawei in these difficult times does not
necessarily mean you should buy a Huawei smartphone. It is wrong to say those
who use Huawei devices are patriotic, while those who choose Apple products are
not."

"Business has nothing to do with politics," Ren added.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

Sound bites

· We can make the chips that we bought from US companies, but it does not mean
we will stop buying chips from them. Instead, we should grow together.

· Building an information society for human beings requires joint efforts.

· Rivals will not be able to catch up with Huawei's 5G technology for two to
three years.

· The incident will spur China to develop the electronics industry in a
systematic way.

· Supporting Huawei in these difficult times does not necessarily mean you
should buy a Huawei smartphone. ... Business has nothing to do with politics.

· The size of 5G base stations is much smaller than those of 4G. These are
well-suited for Europe. ... Construction cost for each 5G base station in Europe
will be reduced by
[#x20ac]10,000.

(China Daily 05/24/2019 page14)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/31/155865894454.jpg

a41f726719b21e51725a25.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/21/155865894482.jpg

a41f726719b21e51726c26.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/100/155865894520.jpg

a41f726719b21e51729129.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/78/155865894541.jpg

a41f726719b21e5172c62d.jpg


                             170 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 23, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Tariff hikes not a win-win for China, US

BYLINE: Liu Zhihua and Zhou Lanxu

BODY:

Tariff hikes are attempts by the US authorities to curb China's rapid growth and
would result in steep losses for both sides, besides causing disruptions to the
global economy, economists said.

Retaliatory steps may disrupt global economy, crimp trade, say experts

Tariff hikes are attempts by the US authorities to curb China's rapid growth and
would result in steep losses for both sides, besides causing disruptions to the
global economy, economists said.

Recent steps taken by Washington show that they (US) want to suppress China's
development, and not just seek better trade balance, said Justin Yifu Lin, dean
of the Institute of New Structural Economics at Peking University, and the
former chief economist of the World Bank.

"If we agree with Washington's claims on trade this time, it will use other
excuses to curb China's development," Lin said in an interview to China Central
Television on Tuesday.

China's inexpensive goods have helped keep US inflation at relatively low levels
and improved the well-being of its consumers. This has happened despite the fuss
about the "huge trade deficit" with China, and concerns that the US stands to
lose $500 billion every year, an argument used often to criticize China, Lin
said.

"Trade is a voluntary and win-win game. The US is free to look elsewhere for the
products that it currently sources from China. It buys from China because
Chinese products are reasonably priced and of good quality," Lin said. "It is
preposterous to believe that the US is suffering because it buys goods from
China. Such an argument does not cut ice with those who have a basic knowledge
of economics."

Refuting US concerns that China is forcing American enterprises to transfer
technologies to Chinese businesses, Lin said such claims are not based on facts
and ignore the basic tenets of economics.

US companies have chosen to adopt advanced technologies in their production
process in China not because anyone has forced them to do so, but because they
want to survive and stand out in market competition, he said.

Commenting on concerns that Sino-US trade friction is a clash of civilizations,
Lin said different civilizations can actually coexist and learn from each other.
The US is ignoring this positive aspect as it wants to "exclusively dominate the
world." Many of the allegations made against China are just excuses for
restricting China's development, Lin said.

"China should not compromise its development rights as it is something that
every country is entitled to," Lin said.

In an interview with Xinhua on Sunday, Liu Shijin, deputy director of the
economic committee of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political
Consultative Conference, said it is not tenable to say that tariff hikes will
hurt the Chinese economy and spare the US side. "A trade war will lead to losses
on both sides and have an impact on the global economy and economic
globalization."

China and the US account for about 40 percent of the world economy and bilateral
relations between the two sides have developed and formed on the basis of
differences in comparative advantages and competitive edges. The existing means
of economic cooperation are a result of the trading behaviors of the producers
and consumers from the two countries and a process that has been beneficial for
both sides, said Liu.

"The Made-in-China process helped lower production costs and prices of products
in the US, kept consumer prices stable and brought a wide range of benefits to
consumers," he said.

According to Liu, the US is trying to suppress China's growing technology
strength by using its state powers to impose curbs on Chinese companies like
Huawei. As China's economic strength keeps growing, the contradictions between
the two countries are also aggravated, he said.

Liu, a former deputy head of the Development Research Center of the State
Council, expects trade friction to have a limited influence on the Chinese
economy as its export sector is not that dependent on the US market and is
diversified enough to withstand the shocks and challenges.

Xinhua contributed to this story.

Contact the writers at liuzhihua@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/23/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/58/155857258848.jpg

a41f726719b21e501de809.jpg


                             171 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 23, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Sources: Tech giant to launch own OS this year

BYLINE: Cheng Yu and Ma Si

BODY:

Huawei Technologies Co said on Wednesday that it may launch a self-developed
operating system later this year as the tech giant steps up efforts to enhance
in-house software capabilities to offset the fallout from US restrictions.

Yu Chengdong, CEO of Huawei's consumer business group, said that the company's
own operating system will be available "as early as this fall or next spring at
the latest."

The comments came after Google said it would partially cut off Huawei devices
from its Android operating system. As part of the latest development, the US
government said on Tuesday that it could delay its ban on American technology
exports to Huawei, but the move will give its existing devices access to Android
for 90 days.

"Huawei's own operating system will be compatible with all Android and all web
applications. If the Android apps are recompiled, their running performance can
be improved by more than 60 percent," Yu said in a WeChat group involving some
internet experts.

According to him, the new operating system will be able to support mobile
phones, computers, tablets, televisions, cars and smart wearable devices. Huawei
did not respond to requests for comments.

Meanwhile, shares of Chinese companies focusing on operating systems saw huge
spikes on Wednesday with Wondertek, Bird and Nsfocus all rising by the 10
percent daily limit.

Analysts pointed out that the impact on Huawei is "limited" as the
Shenzhen-based company has the potential to develop its own system and has been
preparing a Plan B for years to counter a potential ban.

"Huawei has been striving to expand its business to better adjust to the global
market changes and investing a lot on core technologies to bolster its core
competitiveness and gain an edge globally," said Xiang Ligang, director-general
of the Information Consumption Alliance.

A PowerPoint published in Chinese social media suggested that professors from
Shanghai Jiao Tong University have led the development of Huawei's operating
system, which is likely to be named "Hong Meng," referring to the Chinese
generation before the universe was formed.

"The system has made a lot of optimization on Linux, an open-source operating
system, and has been applied into Huawei's smartphones," said the presentation,
which has since been deleted.

Huawei founder Ren Zhengfei had said in an internal briefing that the company
should develop its own operating system and chips to counter challenges from
external providers.

However, industry insiders said that an app ecosystem is much more important
than developing an operating system, as can be seen from the failure of
Blackberry and Microsoft's self-developed mobile operating systems.

"It won't be a problem to create an ecosystem in the domestic market as Chinese
consumers currently do not use the same apps as foreigners do. Also, Huawei can
get help from Chinese tech leader Tencent which owns a huge app ecosystem," said
an IT expert familiar with the matter who did not want to be named.

He said that there are negative impacts for Huawei in foreign markets in the
long term but that does not mean there are no options. "In the worst-case
scenario, it can still offer a bare smartphone overseas and cooperate with local
third-party firms for the operating system," he said.

Contact the writers at chengyu@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/23/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/49/155857258992.jpg

a41f726719b21e501e150b.jpg


                             172 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 23, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Huawei to press ahead with global strategy

BYLINE: Wang Mingjie in London and Ma Si in Beijing

BODY:

Huawei Technologies, the Chinese technology giant, has reiterated that it will
launch the 5G-enabled smartphones during the fourth quarter of this year and
press ahead with internationalization plans despite the challenging global
environment.

The company made the statement on Tuesday during the global launch of the Honor
20 smartphones in London.

The Chinese firm has been facing restrictions in markets like the United States
after it was added to a trade blacklist. The ban prevents US companies from
selling components and software to the Chinese firm. Close on the heels of the
US move, Google restricted Huawei's access to Android operating system updates
and to some mobile services.

Those curbs seemed to have little effect as the Chinese tech giant unveiled
Honor 20 and Honor 20 Pro at the Battersea Evolution venue in the British
capital. The devices feature Huawei's flagship Kirin 980 processor, quad rear
cameras, and side-mounted fingerprint scanners, all fronted by a large, 16
centimeter "all-view" display and 32-mega-pixel selfie camera.

The Honor 20 Pro will retail for 599 euros ($669), while the Honor 20 will sell
for 499 euros, which equates to 399 pounds ($505) in the UK.

Zhao Ming, president of Honor, said though the current international situation
is challenging, the company will continue to work hard and attract young
consumers from across the world with cutting-edge products.

The newly unveiled Honor 20 series lineup was already certified under processes
known as the Compatibility Test Suite (CTS) and the Vendor Test Suite (VTS)
before the trade ban came into effect and, because of that certification, will
not be directly impacted by the ban, at least for now.

But analysts warn that matters may become more complex when it comes to future
security updates.

Huawei Technologies Co confirmed this week it will continue to provide security
updates and after-sales service for all of its smartphone and tablet products,
including those that have already been sold globally, and those in stock.

Contact the writers at wangmingjie@chinadaily.com.cn

Zhao Ming, president of Honor, a sub-brand of Chinese telecommunications company
Huawei, shows the Honor 20 Pro smartphone during his keynote speech at an event
to launch the Honor 20 Series smartphones at Battersea Evolution in London on
May 21, 2019. AFP

(China Daily 05/23/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/49/155857259036.jpg

a41f726719b21e501df50a.jpg


                             173 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 23, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: US unwise to enlist Google in Huawei attack

BYLINE: Victor Onyango

BODY:

Now that Google has joined the trade dispute between the United States and
China, it seems Washington is more concerned about who would dominate the
telecommunications and high-tech sectors rather than global growth.

Google claims it is executing the White House's executive order, which has
blacklisted Huawei, to deny the Chinese 5G technology giant security updates and
technical support. As a result, new Huawei devices would not have apps such as
YouTube and maps.

Certain issues in the Sino-US trade dispute center on Huawei because the Chinese
enterprise is a leader in 5G technology and the US feels it is losing the tech
battle to China.

That Google has joined the US administration's campaign against Huawei shows
building a win-win partnership in global free trade has become even more
difficult. Given the monopolistic ownership of advanced technologies and the
entry barriers to international market, only a handful of telecom equipment
makers and search engines dominate the global market.

And since the ownership of technologies is vital to any country's economic
development, neither China nor the US are expected to sacrifice their interests.
For instance, China cannot become a truly prosperous country without becoming a
big tech power and consumer market. But the US seems determined to prevent China
from achieving that goal.

The current technology "cold war" is disturbing for people who love quality
products and want to see technological advancement that benefits everyone
regardless of their nationality. But political symbolism is increasingly
becoming the language of choice for the White House to communicate with the
world, especially with China.

Still, Google should not have joined the Sino-US dispute, because US and Chinese
companies need each other to advance their businesses globally. The two
enterprises can still work together to find out how to include more Google
services on Huawei's smartphones.

Besides, Huawei can help Google to gain a bigger market share for its Play
Store, as it is the third-largest smartphone vendor worldwide - Huawei increased
its global smartphone market share to 14.7 percent last year against Apple's
14.9 percent and Samsung's 20.9 percent, according to a report by the
International Data Corporation, a US market research and analysis company that
specializes in information technology and telecommunications, in January 2019.

So, if Google wants to grab a share of the Chinese market, it would do better to
partner the Chinese company. After all, Huawei has a strong presence in many
markets and Google wants to bring as many consumers as possible under its fold.

Huawei also has major stakes in many countries' wireless network industries, and
provides equipment for many major carriers across the globe. Even after the US
has alleged that Huawei equipment could be used to spy on other countries and
their companies, the Chinese company continues to have a strong presence in many
markets.

Google has launched Project Fi, a phone plan. And Huawei can help it to expand
the reach of internet further, by providing higher speed and better services to
consumers. So Google will only harm itself by severing ties with Huawei, because
the latter has the equipment, expertise and the patents that it needs to fulfill
its goals.

Huawei has taken the lead in developing 5G technology, which has the potential
to revolutionize the global economy.

On the other hand, the US has been indifferent to the intensifying calls for
building infrastructure facilities to promote 5G technology, which shows the
once undisputed global tech leader is trailing in the race to capitalize on
advanced technologies. It also shows that Asian tech companies such as Huawei
have established a lead in advanced technology despite the US' mudslinging
campaign against them.

The author is a journalist with Nation Media Group (Daily Nation), Kenya. The
views don't necessarily represent those of China Daily.

(China Daily 05/23/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/76/155857259185.jpg

00221917e13e1e50211c26.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/90/155857259242.jpg

00221917e13e1e50212427.jpg


                             174 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 23, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: China's self-sufficiency drive spurred on by tech Cold War

BODY:

Never in its history has the West, led by the United States, put so much effort
into suppressing one single company. By turning a venture that stands at the
forefront of the next-generation communications into a public enemy, the US is
making no secret of its desire to strangle Huawei's growth, a company that has
no competitors in the US.

Without offering any proof, the US administration accuses Huawei of being a tool
of the Chinese government while aggressively using state power to crack down on
the Chinese company. This discriminatory practice not only undermines 5G
development, but also runs counter to fair competition. In the end no country
will gain from it.

Yet its paranoia is not limited to Huawei and 5G, but all fields where China
excels, such as artificial intelligence, which is self-evident in the Sanctioned
Entity List of the US Department of Commerce.

It is clear from this that the US administration is waging an undeclared
technology Cold War against China.

However, it has failed to do its homework before doing so.

China has become a technology powerhouse despite the West's embargo on high-tech
exports to it. China has not only woven its industries into the global supply
chain, but more importantly encouraged its enterprises to quickly move up the
value chain in some industries, with Huawei as an example, whose advantage in 5G
is about two or three years ahead its closest chasers.

The US administration seems to believe that banning US companies from doing
business with their Chinese partners is a clever and costless tactic that can
inflict heavy losses on the Chinese side.

But China maintains close economic and trade ties with the rest of the world.
Many Chinese enterprises on the US blacklist boast supply chains extending
worldwide.

The US attack on China's technology companies will unavoidably deal heavy blows
to its own companies. No wonder more than 170 US companies have jointly urged
Washington to rethink its dealings with Beijing.

US business, equipment and facilities have undoubtedly benefited China. And when
encountering economic challenges China has always looked inward for explanations
and solutions of its own problems, and has never attributed its challenges in
national security to the universal presence of US elements in China. In
contrast, some US politicians even claim household appliances from China could
be snooping on their users.

Washington's blacklist - on which nearly one-fourth of the companies are Chinese
and many more are Chinese enterprises' partners - will only spur Beijing to
increase its inputs into high-tech research and industries to realize
self-sufficiency in some crucial sectors as soon as possible.

(China Daily 05/23/2019 page8)


                             175 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 23, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Huawei's foresight and insight key to its international success

BODY:

REN ZHENGFEI, founder and chairman of Huawei, had an interview with the Chinese
media in Shenzhen, where the company is headquartered, on Tuesday. Ren said the
United States has underestimated Huawei's strength and resilience, and the
company had prepared for a confrontation with the US for a long time. The 21st
Century Business Herald comments:

Another key point Ren made is that Huawei is a global venture whose leading
status in the 5G industry is based on its long-term use of global resources and
talents. Proud of the research and development network Huawei has built
worldwide, Ren has attributed the company's business success to the inherent
rationality of globalization.

Ren's interview has found many keen listeners among Chinese entrepreneurs, and
some have commented approvingly on social media that Huawei's experience has let
them realize how a company should open up today.

That the Chinese government is striving to improve the domestic business
environment and welcome more foreign companies is not merely to boost economic
growth, but also to promote market competition, which will naturally force some
companies out of their comfort zone to explore the possibility of joining the
global competition.

Only by introducing higher levels of competition through opening-up will local
companies be forced to increase efficiency and invest in innovation.

After more than 40 years of reform and opening-up, more Chinese enterprises have
accumulated sufficient experience and capital to step over the threshold of
foreign markets. The success of Huawei speaks volumes of the high return from an
effective allocation of global research and development resources.

In the globalized age, enterprises that aspire to become leading players in
their respective sectors cannot afford to ignore foreign talents and markets.
The better a company is internationalized and localized overseas, the higher it
reaches in the global value chain. Huawei has a large number of research bases,
sales companies and localized management teams in major regions of the world.

However, that puts higher requirements on the companies' management. As the
success of Huawei indicates, they have to improve the efficiency of their
operation, and demonstrate more foresight in industrial development and more
insight in addressing the cultural and institutional differences in foreign
countries.

(China Daily 05/23/2019 page8)


                             176 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 23, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: US 'groundless' accusations blasted

BYLINE: Zhao Huanxin in Washington

BODY:

US accusations against Huawei Technologies are "groundless" and the White
House's move to ban the transfer or sale of US technology to the Chinese telecom
giant is "politically motivated", Chinese Ambassador to the United States Cui
Tiankai said on Tuesday.

Envoy says Huawei is a normal private company and Beijing still open for talks

US accusations against Huawei Technologies are "groundless" and the White
House's move to ban the transfer or sale of US technology to the Chinese telecom
giant is "politically motivated", Chinese Ambassador to the United States Cui
Tiankai said on Tuesday.

Commenting on some US security experts' allegation that China is going to spy on
everything that flows through Huawei's 5G systems, Cui said the allegations are
without any foundation and evidence.

"It's rather ironic that people who are making these accusations are exactly the
group of people having such job descriptions," he said in an interview with Fox
News.

The interview was conducted days after the US Department of Commerce put Huawei
and its affiliates on an "Entity List", which would restrict the sale or
transfer of US technologies to the company.

The top envoy refuted claims that Huawei got funding from Chinese authorities
and the military were "groundless", saying that Huawei is a normal Chinese
private company.

"So all these actions taken against Huawei are politically motivated," Cui told
Fox News anchor Bret Baier.

The ambassador expressed concerns that such actions will "really undermine"
people's confidence in the normal function of the market and disrupt normal
flows of trade and investment.

In addition, they will weaken people's belief in all the values that people used
to preach like fairness, openness, competition, entrepreneurship and rule of
law, he said.

Early on Tuesday, Ren Zhengfei, founder and president of Huawei Technologies,
said Huawei is a commercial company, and the use of its products is a choice for
consumers based on their likes and should not be linked to politics.

Cui also said Beijing was still open for talks, but he blamed the US side for
frequently "changing its mind" in the past rounds of trade negotiations.

He said a good trade deal between the two countries would serve the interests of
both, and such kind of deal has to be made on the basis of mutual respect and
mutual benefits.

"China remains ready to continue our talks with our American colleagues to reach
a conclusion. Our door is still open," he said.

The two sides have yet to reach a deal, though they have conducted 11 rounds of
high-level economic and trade negotiations over the past year.

"If we review the process of trade talks between us over the last year or so,
it's quite clear that it is the US side, that more than once, changed the mind
overnight and broke the tentative deal already reached," Cui said.

"We are still committed to whatever we agree to do," he said. "But it is the US
side that changes mind so often."

On Monday, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang also said that the United
States was seeking unreasonable interests by imposing maximum pressure, which
was the fundamental reason behind the failure to reach a deal between the
economic powers.

After Baier said that some in Washington believe China is waiting out the Trump
administration until the next administration comes in, Cui said: "We don't have
such illusions. And also, we don't want to have anything to do with the (US)
domestic politics here."

huanxinzhao@chinadailyusa.com

(China Daily 05/23/2019 page12)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/100/155857259965.jpg

00221917e13e1e50229f2f.jpg


                             177 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 23, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Huawei curbs may have 'bad' ripple effect, says expert

BYLINE: Lia Zhu in San Francisco

BODY:

As the US government orders its tech companies to cut ties with China's Huawei,
experts in Silicon Valley are concerned about the deeper effects that the move
could have beyond trade and tariff tensions.

Late last week, the Trump administration put Huawei and 68 other foreign
entities on an export blacklist, which makes it almost impossible for them to
purchase US-made goods.

The US Commerce Department eased the restriction on Monday, allowing US mobile
phone companies and internet broadband providers to work with Huawei until Aug
19.

Huawei, the world's largest telecom equipment manufacturer and the
second-largest smartphone maker, spent $70 billion purchasing components in
2018.

Around $11 billion went to US firms for products including Qualcomm chips,
Microsoft software and Google Android operating systems.

Google has acted on the government's order, saying it would cut ties with Huawei
, but after Monday's temporary exemption, the company said it would work with
Huawei over the next 90 days.

"Google technology software is going to be disrupted, so the 25 percent tariff
is one kind of disruption, but it's not a disruption involving the flow of
technology," said Mark Cohen, a senior fellow at the Asia IP Law Project at the
University of California, Berkeley.

"This is in a way a little deeper and affects a different sector because we are
also dealing with how we collaborate with each other, not only in hard goods but
also in soft things."

As for the US government's national security concerns, Cohen warned of "the
potential intrusiveness" into commercial transactions and people's lives, as
well as export controls.

"Now we have Huawei as a target. And of course, a lot of us wonder: Is this
about Huawei's back door that hasn't been identified? Or is this about 5G and
the threat posed by 5G, or is this something else?" Cohen said.

"I'm concerned about this being something else; this is no longer trade
negotiations. If it was a trade negotiation, you'd reap what you have
accomplished thus far, and perhaps you put off some other issues to another
day," he said.

"But if you look at the subsequent reactions, you look at how the security
issues are wrapped up in it, you have to wonder whether this is probably no
longer about IP," he added. "It may no longer even be about trade deficits. It
may be something much bigger that's in the minds of the folks in Washington."

In response to the Trump administration's temporarily eased restrictions, Huawei
founder and CEO Ren Zhengfei said on Tuesday that the US government's move
affected the company's low-end products but not high-end ones, especially those
related to 5G.

He said Huawei will buy US products as long as the US government allows tech
companies to export components. He also said that US companies are trying to
lobby the administration to relax restrictions on Huawei.

The US move against Huawei reminded Victor Wang, founding and managing partner
of Silicon Valley-based CEG Ventures, of Chinese telecommunication company ZTE,
which underwent a US export ban last year. The ban was lifted after the US made
a deal with the company.

"I think after the ZTE event, the Chinese government had already made up its
mind: We need to develop our entire ecosystem all the way from the chips to the
electronic design software," said Wang.

He said that China can persuade some Asian and European countries to adopt the
system, but that is not to the benefit of anybody, he said.

Both Wang and Cohen attended a panel discussion hosted by the Asia Society and
the Committee of 100 in San Francisco on Monday to share their views on
technology and trade involved in US-China relations.

Cohen echoed Wang's view, saying there's a big incentive for China to develop
its own system. "This is what people keep talking about - 'decoupling'. When you
start saying you can't use our software and chips, then they start developing
their own software and chips," he said.

It would ultimately create a situation where there's less interconnectivity,
said Cohen. "The ability we have now to take our cellphone and travel around the
world, plug in a USB cord and have access to spectrum - all that can be
compromised when countries start developing their own system. That's bad for the
world, frankly," he said.

liazhu@chinadailyusa.com

(China Daily 05/23/2019 page1)


                             178 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 22, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Huawei definitely will not repeat ZTE's fate this time

BODY:

On the heels of the United States government announcement it will ban
unauthorized exports of US technology to Huawei, by Monday, a number of major US
tech giants, including Google, had reportedly stopped supplies.

Amid the escalating tit-for-tat trade blows between the world's two largest
economies, the US putting Huawei, the face of Chinese hi-tech progress, on its
Entity List is no doubt a calculated blow to hit China and Huawei where it
hurts. "America will probably use its ability to withhold components from Huawei
as a bargaining chip in a future trade deal with China," The Economist reckons.

Very likely so. Only things may not go the way Washington decision-makers have
in mind.

If they wanted a replay of what happened to ZTE, a Chinese company which relies
heavily on outsider technologies, they may never see it. Because Huawei is a
dramatically different kind of business.

The Plan B Huawei has just revealed - a series of self-developed chips - is only
part of what makes it an enterprise of strategic insight, and hence resilience.
Over time, that insight has rewarded it with a viable biosphere that its founder
Ren Zhengfei believes will enable it to weather the storm. "Our growth may drop
a bit in the wake of US restrictions, but negative growth is impossible," said a
confident Ren during a Tuesday interview with Chinese media, adding that Huawei
has cultivated longstanding trust with industry partners.

That may be why, even after Google barred Huawei from some Android features, Ren
spoke highly of the Silicon Valley giant, praising it as a "good company". That
may be why despite the US government blacklisting Huawei, Ren on Tuesday
expressed continued willingness to collaborate with US partners in the future.

Ren's confidence lies in Huawei's capacity to serve its customers under "any
circumstances", and has the support of its growing clientele at home and abroad.

"Last week, in public bidding by China Mobile, we won contracts to build 5G
networks for 37 of the 40 cities," Ren disclosed. "Our capacity for mass
production is enormous, and will not drop much with US restrictions".

The otherwise low-profile Huawei leader made no secret about his pride in his
company's technologies: "Huawei's 5G will absolutely not be affected. When it
comes to 5G technologies, others will definitely not catch up in two or three
years".

That was why the confident Ren said the 90-day exemption Washington declared on
Monday was dispensable.

If those in Washington wonder why their European allies are reluctant to answer
their calls for excluding Huawei from their 5G networks, Ren had an answer: "For
every base station site, Huawei can save the Europeans 10,000 euros ($11,192).
Instead of following the US, they have communicated with us closely".

Huawei is not ZTE. And is unlikely to become the kind of vulnerable hostage the
latter has been. The US tactic will not work second time around.

(China Daily 05/22/2019 page8)


                             179 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 22, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: US and Iran not heading toward war

BYLINE: Liu Jianna

BODY:

Editor's Note: Tensions between the United States and Iran have risen
significantly of late, with US President Donald Trump saying a war between the
two countries would be the "official end" of Iran and Major-General Hossein
Salami, commander of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, responding that
although Iran is not pursuing war, it is fully prepared to defend itself. Are
the two countries headed for war? Three experts share their views on the issue
with China Daily's Liu Jianna. Excerpts follow:

US wants to achieve multiple objectives

Li Weijian, a senior research fellow at the Center for West Asian and African
Studies and Institute for Foreign Policy Studies, Shanghai Institutes for
International Studies

The US' war rhetoric is part of its "maximum pressure" tactics to browbeat Iran.
But, instead of launching a war, the world's sole superpower intends to put
psychological pressure on Iran to realize its multiple objectives. For instance,
by putting more pressure on Teheran, Washington aims to secure more bargaining
chips to deal with other major countries including China.

In fact, the US has already "blacklisted" telecommunications equipment maker
Huawei on the pretext that it violated the US' sanctions against doing business
with Iran.

Besides, the US could force European companies that are doing business with or
in Iran to exit the Iranian market. Perhaps the US also wants to reduce the
attention on its controversial "Deal of the Century" with Israel (which may be
partly released in late June) to "end" the 70-year-old Israeli-Palestinian
conflict.

Also, by hyping up the Iran threat and labeling Iran as a foe of the US,
Washington believes it can sanctify the continuous presence of NATO forces in
the Middle East.

Most importantly, the US voters' support for Israel and general dislike for Iran
would influence the White House's decisions on Iran at a time when the US is
preparing for the next presidential campaign.

In other words, the US' Iran policy is designed to pressure Iran from all fronts
without triggering a full-blown war.

A real war unlikely to break out

Huang Minxing, a professor of Middle Eastern studies at the Institute of Middle
Eastern Studies, Northwest University

A war between the US and Iran is unlikely because neither country wants to be
dragged into a military conflict. Despite the US putting increasing pressure on
its economy including an imminent oil embargo and possible ban on other exports,
Iran is not in a position to confront the world's sole superpower.

The US may not launch a war against Iran also because it is less confident of
controlling a war against a big country such as Iran. And starting a war with
Iran will be against the US' intended policy of withdrawing from the Middle East
despite the saber-rattling of war hawks represented by National Security Advisor
John R. Bolton.

By "banning" the export of Iranian oil, the US has already caused much tension
worldwide and a war would exert even more pressure on the global oil market and
cause oil prices to shoot through the roof. And the possible blockade of the
Strait of Hormuz in case a war breaks out will harm not only Iran, but also
other Gulf countries that are major oil exporters.

US-Iran war of words increases uncertainties

Ma Xiaolin, a professor of Middle Eastern studies at Beijing Foreign Studies
University

Despite the war of words between the two sides, the possibility of a US-Iran war
breaking out remains slim, especially because the Democrats and Republicans both
are focusing their attention to deal with complicated relations with major
countries such as China and Russia even as the US prepares for another
presidential election.

In the foreseeable future, the differences between the US and Iran are expected
to play out mainly in the form of a business and psychological war including
economic, trade, and financial sanctions and blockades, instead of a real war.
Yet the continuous strategic confrontation between the US and Iran will add to
the turbulence and uncertainties in the Middle East in the long run.

As a matter of fact, the tense situation the US has created in the Persian Gulf
by applying its "maximum pressure" policy against Iran has fed into its allies'
anxieties, as Marzouq Al-Ghanim, speaker of the Kuwaiti National Assembly, said
on Thursday that it has become clear how delicate, sensitive and dangerous the
stage ahead is and stressed the necessity of taking all measures for all
possible eventualities.

The views don't necessarily represent those of China Daily.

(China Daily 05/22/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/99/155848609898.jpg

00221917e13e1e4ed24d21.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/19/155848609930.jpg

00221917e13e1e4ed25722.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/51/155848609957.jpg

00221917e13e1e4ed26323.jpg


                             180 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 22, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Foreign media wrong on China's stance on trade talks

BYLINE: Xin Zhiming and Jing Shuiyu

BODY:

The reports by some foreign media outlets that China has been virtually closing
the door to economic and trade consultations with the US are both inaccurate and
misleading.

While the US government has imposed new additional tariffs on Chinese goods and
signed an executive order expecting to restrict Huawei from selling in and
buying from the US, a WeChat account known as Taoran Notes, released a Chinese
article saying that is "a sure sign that the United States isn't sincere in its
willingness to negotiate a fair and reasonable deal".

However, some foreign media outlets, including Bloomberg, one-sidedly and
wrongfully quoted the Chinese-language commentary, claiming that China has no
interest in continuing trade negotiations with the US, just because the story
commented that "without good faith and substantive action from the US side, it
will be meaningless to visit Beijing to resume the talks".

Such interpretations are out of line with China's stance that the two sides
should solve the trade dispute through serious and sincere dialogues.

The WeChat Chinese-language article has attached importance to "dialogue with
principle and sincerity" it obviously did not mean that the two sides should
stop the current negotiation process. But foreign media reports have interpreted
the article as a sign that China no longer wants to continue talks with the US.

Foreign media may have misunderstood the Chinese media's true intention, because
of cultural differences. For example, the article said: "Since rational
communication only resulted in more greed from the US side, China might as well
halt the talks altogether and try other alternatives."

Some US media, however, only emphasized "halt the talks" while ignoring the
premise of the argument. Perhaps it is a better story for these commercial news
organizations. But there is still a crucial step to move the story closer to the
truth: The US does not consider China's legitimate demands, thus China will have
to stop the negotiations.

Of course, ordinary Chinese people can't rule out another possibility, even
though the chance is slim, that some foreign media purposely quoted the passage
out of context and distorted the Chinese article's true meaning. Either for
translation and understanding errors, or because of cultural differences and
wrong intentions, such interpretations are groundless and just not the truth.

Indeed, thanks to the insincere and changing attitude of the US side, the
economic and trade consultations between the two countries have suffered serious
setbacks, but China's door to negotiations will remain open so long as
Washington stops applying maximum pressure and becomes consistent in its stance.

As Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said on Thursday, the US side must be
truly sincere to make any upcoming negotiations meaningful; on the one hand, it
must honor the principle of mutual respect, mutual benefit and equality; on the
other hand, it must be consistent and do what it promises.

The message that Lu has sent is clear: China, as always, would like to solve its
disputes with the US through consultations on an equal footing. It has shown
utmost sincerity in carrying on the talks with the US, as displayed by its
delegation still flying to Washington for the 11th round of talks with the US
even after the US government broke the consensus reached by the two sides to
abruptly raise tariffs on Chinese goods before the start of the negotiations.

When its maximum goodwill and sincerity were matched by maximum pressure from
the US side, China opted to hit back, announcing its plan to raise tariffs on US
products. But its stance remains unchanged: Consultations should continue if the
US side gives up its destructive attitude and becomes constructive.

For Washington, it may wish to look tough and use maximum pressure to force
China to agree to its many unreasonable demands. Such wishful thinking and
calculations, however, are set to fail.

China, which is consistent in safeguarding its core national interests, has
become very familiar with such self-indulgent tactics in the previous rounds of
the talks with the US administration, and there is little possibility of it
bowing to the US' unreasonable demands.

The two countries have been engaged in a trade confrontation for about a year,
and it has proved that such frictions damage the interests of both countries and
the world economy as a whole. Therefore, they have the incentive to find a
proper solution acceptable to both.

The authors are writers with China Daily.

(China Daily 05/22/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/57/155848609984.jpg

00221917e13e1e4ed27f24.jpg


                             181 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 22, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: China has to withstand shock waves from its rise

BYLINE: Li Yang

BODY:

THE US ADMINISTRATION said it would ban US corporations from selling components
and software to Huawei, China's 5G technology giant. China Daily reporter Li
Yang comments:

Washington is intent on slowing Huawei's development so that US companies can
take advantage of the window phase, though secured in an indecent manner, to
narrow their gap with the industrial leader.

Now it is all too clear that Washington's objective is by no means to address
its trade deficit with Beijing, but to wipe out China's competitiveness in
high-tech fields, and contain the country's development momentum.

China needs to be prepared for a prolonged attack on its technology companies,
as this is not like the trade skirmishes they have had in the past, which it
succeeded in resolving through talks.

The tacit agreement between Beijing and Washington to divorce their trade
frictions from other aspects of bilateral ties has now been broken as the US
administration has expanded the dispute to their industrial cooperation and even
cultural exchanges.

The US administration has put China in its cross hairs as a major rival, if not
opponent, so Beijing must recalibrate its approach to relations with Washington.
Even if the long-anticipated trade agreement is inked, relations between China
and the United States will not be put on an even keel unless Washington comes to
terms with China's rise and stops trying to impede it.

Washington needs to treat Beijing with due respect, recognizing the fact that
China is no longer a sweatshop sustaining the US' prosperity but a technological
powerhouse in its own right.

It is China's fast growth that is breaking the old power balance with the US,
which China cannot avoid, and it is up to the US to accept this and change its
approach so that the two countries can strike a new equilibrium. Beijing is
always ready to cooperate to the benefit of both.

Having said that, the trade dispute has made Beijing aware that it cannot pin
its hopes on Washington changing its mind, and only through honing its own
industrial, commercial and institutional competitiveness can it firmly grasp the
initiative. This has spurred and will continue to spur Beijing to deepen its
domestic structural reforms and open its doors wider to other partners.

China's macroeconomy will be affected to some extent by the trade frictions, but
the changes to the external environment should be regarded as part of the new
normal that China has to adapt to. History indicates that the rise of any big
power always triggers a series of changes of international order. And unless
China has the ability to acclimatize to the changes and shape them, its ascent
will be abridged.

(China Daily 05/22/2019 page8)


                             182 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 22, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Washington delays Huawei restrictions

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

The United States government has delayed a ban on US technology sales to Huawei
Technologies Co, a move that analysts said is aimed at reducing impacts on the
Chinese tech giant's sprawling global customer and supply base.

Founder confirms preparations for worst-case scenario, calls for global telecom
teamwork

The United States government has delayed a ban on US technology sales to Huawei
Technologies Co, a move that analysts said is aimed at reducing impacts on the
Chinese tech giant's sprawling global customer and supply base.

In response to the move, Huawei's founder said on Tuesday that the company has
made sound preparations for a worst-case scenario, but he also called for global
cooperation to move the telecom industry forward.

The US Commerce Department said on its website that it issued a 90-day license
to allow Huawei to purchase US technology in order to maintain existing networks
and provide software updates for existing Huawei handsets.

Wang Peng, deputy head of the think tank China Center for Information Industry
Development, said the move signifies the US realized that directly cutting off
all supplies to Huawei would hurt the interests of millions of people.

"Some small US mobile carriers, for instance, bought Huawei's cost-effective
products to build their existing rural networks. A sizable number of overseas
consumers also use handsets from Huawei, the world's largest telecom equipment
maker and second-largest smartphone vendor," Wang said.

On Tuesday, Ren Zhengfei, CEO and founder of Huawei, said in an interview with
Chinese media in Shenzhen, Guangdong province, that Huawei shares overlapping
interests with US companies and the US government underestimated Huawei's
ability to persevere.

"We can make chips that are currently bought from US firms, but it does not mean
that we will stop buying chips from them. Instead, we should grow together," Ren
said.

Huawei also said earlier that it has developed its own mobile phone operating
system, which could replace Google's Android operating system in its smartphones
in case the US software firm restricts its system from use by Huawei devices.

Huawei is facing a crackdown from the US government, which accuses it of posing
national security risks. But it has repeatedly denied that claim.

Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said on Tuesday that using state power to
suppress foreign enterprises will not serve US interests in the end. The Chinese
government has the resolve and capability to defend its legitimate rights and
interests, he said.

Ren said the current difficulties can spur China to develop its own
semiconductor industry. Pouring in money is not enough, and more professionals
are needed to develop the sector, he added.

But Ren also said that it is very difficult to rely solely on China's
independent innovation to succeed and global cooperation is desired because
companies in the global electronics industrial chain are closely tied.

According to the Financial Times, semiconductor shares are facing their biggest
potential monthly drop since 2008, partly attributable to the US crackdown on
Huawei, which puts pressure on the sector.

John Neuffer, president of the Semiconductor Industry Association, which
represents US chipmakers and designers, said in a statement that the association
hopes to work with the administration to broaden the scope of the 90-day
license.

Zhou Jin and Xu Wei contributed to this story.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/22/2019 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/31/155848611554.jpg

00221917e13e1e4ecebe04.jpg


                             183 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 22, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Drone maker DJI allays American concerns about safety of products

BYLINE: Fan Feifei

BODY:

Chinese drone manufacturer DJI said safety is at the core of everything the
company does, and the security of its technology has been independently verified
by the United States government and leading US businesses.

The company's statement came in response to an alert issued by the US Department
of Homeland Security, which said Chinese-made drones may be sending sensitive
flight data back to their manufacturers in China, and the same can be accessed
by the government there.

"We give all customers full and complete control over how their data is
collected, stored and transmitted. For government and critical infrastructure
customers that require additional assurances, we provide drones that do not
transfer data to DJI or via the internet, and our customers can enable all the
precautions DHS recommends," the Shenzhen-based company said.

DJI drones are displayed during CES 2019 in Las Vegas, the United States, on Jan
9. Getty Images

DJI emphasized it is committed to continuously working with customers and
industry and government stakeholders to ensure its technology adheres to
requirements.

"Every day, American businesses, first responders, and US government agencies
trust DJI drones to help save lives, promote worker safety, and support vital
operations, and we take that responsibility very seriously," the company said.

According to a report by CNN, the alert from DHS states the Chinese-made drones
are a "potential risk to an organization's information", adding that the
products "contain components that can compromise your data and share your
information on a server accessed beyond the company itself."

The report does not name any specific manufacturers, but nearly 80 percent of
the drones in the US and Canada are made by Shenzhen-based DJI, the world's
largest commercial drone maker, according to a study from Skylogic Research.

The warning from DHS follows an executive order signed by US President Donald
Trump that is expected to bar US companies from buying Huawei Technologies Co's
goods and services.

"The drone industry in the US is highly dependent on DJI, and the US authority's
alert on Chinese drone makers is entirely groundless," said Yang Jincai,
director of Shenzhen Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Industry Association.

Yang noted that DJI attaches great importance to information security, and the
data storage and transmission is mastered by users, adding the US alert may hurt
drone enthusiasts and US companies and professional organizations that
increasingly rely on Chinese-made drones.

Founded in 2006, DJI accounts for almost 70 percent of the consumer drone market
worldwide, with Europe and North America its biggest customers. It is ramping up
efforts to expand its product portfolio.

The company reported 17.57 billion yuan ($2.5 billion) in revenue in 2017, up 80
percent from a year earlier, and about 80 percent of the revenue came from the
overseas market.

At present, drones are used for aerial photography, agriculture, geological
surveys and mapping, electricity, oil and petroleum pipeline inspection,
transportation, construction, public security and even disaster relief.

The global market revenue for drones is expected to surpass $11.2 billion by
2020, according to a report by market research company Gartner Inc.

fanfeifei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/22/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/36/155848611946.jpg

a41f726719b21e4ecdf406.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/83/155848611977.jpg

a41f726719b21e4ece0107.jpg


                             184 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 22, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Economists see ulterior motive in US trade, tariff moves

BYLINE: Xin Zhiming and Zhong Nan

BODY:

Washington has resorted to raising tariffs on Chinese goods and restricting
Chinese telecom giant Huawei to undermine China's economic growth and maintain
the United States' edge in economic development, Russian economists said.

"The recent standoff between China and the US is obviously an attempt by the
latter to maintain its dominant role in world economy, through holding back
China's development," said Alexander Lomanov, chief research fellow of Primakov
National Research Institute of World Economy and International Relations of the
Russian Academy of Sciences.

Fedor Voytolovskiy, director of the Russian institute, also said that the recent
US trade and tariff moves are aimed at maintaining its technological leadership.

"What has happened recently between China and the US is a reflection of how
tariffs and trade can be used to protect the global technological leadership of
the US," he told a forum on Belt and Road Initiative, held by the Institute of
World Economics and Politics of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences on
Monday.

Earlier this month, the US decided to raise tariffs on $200 billion worth of
Chinese imports to 25 percent from 10 percent. It threatened to raise tariffs on
more Chinese goods if China does not agree to its demands.

Meanwhile, the White House has signed an executive order restricting Huawei from
selling equipment for use in US telecommunications networks.

Voytolovskiy warned the US could extend its ban on Chinese companies into other
high-tech fields.

"In terms of long-term goals, the incidents mean the US will not only protect
its companies in 5G, but also in fields such as aerospace, IT, new materials and
other fields of technological leadership."

He warned that the escalation of Sino-US economic and trade confrontation may
lead to economic decoupling of the world's top two economic powers.

Through the tariff and restriction policies, the US may seek to bring down
China's economic growth while maintaining its strong recent growth, so that
China's GDP will not catch up with that of the US, Lomanov told China Daily on
Monday.

"But the US' strong growth may not be sustainable," he said. "It cannot escape
the economic cycle."

The US registered an exceptional GDP growth of 2.9 percent year-on-year in 2018,
but economists warned that the high growth rate may not be sustainable and the
US economy is faced with problems like financial fragility.

In China's case, its economic growth has stabilized in the first quarter; and in
the years until the middle of the century, China's economic growth may possibly
be kept above the average world economic growth, said Cai Fang, deputy head of
the CASS.

"China's income growth remains at the same level of mid-income countries and it
still has a lot of potential to develop," he told another forum held by the
Institute of Economics of the CASS on Friday.

Contact the writers at xinzhiming@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/22/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/78/155848612112.jpg

a41f726719b21e4ece3a0b.jpg


                             185 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 22, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Huawei redraws the map to create cities of the future

BYLINE: Yuan Shenggao

BODY:

The 2019 Shenzhen Smart City Forum held from May 14-15 in Guangdong province
aims to improve communication and cooperation in the building of smart and
digital cities, organizers said.

With the theme "ushering in a bright future for smart cities", the forum brought
together city leaders from across the world, Huawei executives, smart city
experts, UN-Habitat experts and scholars and high-tech enterprises.

The group shares their latest development concepts and explores the future
together.

Representatives and executives at the 2019 Shenzhen Smart City Forum held from
May 14-15 in Guangdong province.

"This year witnesses the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's
Republic of China and is the 40th year since the establishment of Shenzhen city.
Shenzhen reflects the historical achievements China has made, serving as a
window to display China to the world," said Wang Weizhong, secretary of the CPC
Shenzhen committee.

"We hope to make friends with those taking the opportunity of this forum and
together contributing wisdom and power for a common human community," Wang said.

Guo Ping, rotating chairman of Huawei, said that "Huawei is dedicated to
building a smart city digital foundation that enables integrating, exploring,
analyzing, and sharing data, by using ubiquitous connectivity, a digital
platform and pervasive intelligence".

"More importantly, we develop a digital brain for cities with application
partners, building a common ecosystem with mutual advantages. This brain will
provide advanced ways to help cities make informed development decisions and
will allow e-government, transport and policing domains to go digital.

"In doing so, we hope to build smart cities featuring smart administration, more
benefits for residents and prosperous industry development."

Ugo Valenti, CEO of Smart City Expo World Congress, said that "Innovative
technologies, including 5G, internet of things, artificial intelligence and
cloud, are changing how cities are governed and managed. By nurturing
Public-Private-People Partnership, a co-creation model among government,
corporations and citizens, smart cities will help more open decision-making and
bring a people-centric new world."

The highlight of the opening ceremony was the sophisticated dialogue that took
place among members of government departments, enterprises and the academic
community.

The panel explored emerging technologies, and how to construct big data-based
city information and communication technology infrastructure to safeguard public
security and order. They also discussed how to enhance the governance, public
welfare and economy in modern cities by leveraging digital services and using a
disruptive digital brain.

Yan Lida, president of Huawei Enterprise Business Group, said: "The usage of
digital technology has become one of the criteria to assess a city's
intelligence level.

Future smart cities will have five new infrastructural platforms, namely cloud,
IoT, data lake, AI and video surveillance network.

"These five platforms will form a foundation for us to achieve ubiquitous
connectivity, realize pervasive intelligence and streamline heterogeneous
systems. Huawei uses its cloud as the basis to integrate various new ICT, such
as AI, IoT, big data, converged communications, video and GIS, to build a
comprehensive digital platform," he said.

"This platform provides technical enablement for government and enterprise
customers, helping them easily cope with complicated technical issues."

In addition, Huawei has built 12 OpenLabs around the world to conduct
customer-oriented innovation with partners. Building a smart city is a long and
evolving process.

Based on Huawei's digital platform, cities will be like a living thing. New
applications will emerge and grow through repetition and eventually achieve
overall prosperity, he said.

"The United Nations 2030 Sustainable Development Goals include one on
sustainable cities and communities. We hope to drive the realization of the
goals through smart city endeavors with confidence.

"We are to face the challenges from smart city construction, but embrace its
unlimited potential. From the perspective of the UN, international cooperation
is significant. We see a good platform here today for cities to share their
experience," Yan said.

This event was hosted by Shenzhen government and organized by Shenzhen foreign
affairs office.

As a co-organizer, Huawei is a global leading smart city and safe city solution
provider.

With partners, Huawei is drawing a blueprint for smart cities. Huawei smart city
and safe city solutions have served more than 700 cities in over 100 countries,
helping local security and social and economic development.

(China Daily 05/22/2019 page15)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/20/155848612185.jpg

a41f726719b21e4ecede13.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/90/155848612212.jpg

a41f726719b21e4eceed14.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/49/155848612238.jpg

a41f726719b21e4eceef16.jpg


                             186 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 22, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Drone maker DJI allays American concerns about safety of products

BYLINE: Fan Feifei

BODY:

Chinese drone manufacturer DJI said safety is at the core of everything the
company does, and the security of its technology has been independently verified
by the United States government and leading US businesses.

The company's statement came in response to an alert issued by the US Department
of Homeland Security, which said Chinese-made drones may be sending sensitive
flight data back to their manufacturers in China, and the same can be accessed
by the government there.

"We give all customers full and complete control over how their data is
collected, stored and transmitted. For government and critical infrastructure
customers that require additional assurances, we provide drones that do not
transfer data to DJI or via the internet, and our customers can enable all the
precautions DHS recommends," the Shenzhen-based company said.

DJI drones are displayed during CES 2019 in Las Vegas, the United States, on Jan
9. Getty Images

DJI emphasized it is committed to continuously working with customers and
industry and government stakeholders to ensure its technology adheres to
requirements.

"Every day, American businesses, first responders, and US government agencies
trust DJI drones to help save lives, promote worker safety, and support vital
operations, and we take that responsibility very seriously," the company said.

According to a report by CNN, the alert from DHS states the Chinese-made drones
are a "potential risk to an organization's information", adding that the
products "contain components that can compromise your data and share your
information on a server accessed beyond the company itself."

The report does not name any specific manufacturers, but nearly 80 percent of
the drones in the US and Canada are made by Shenzhen-based DJI, the world's
largest commercial drone maker, according to a study from Skylogic Research.

The warning from DHS follows an executive order signed by US President Donald
Trump that is expected to bar US companies from buying Huawei Technologies Co's
goods and services.

"The drone industry in the US is highly dependent on DJI, and the US authority's
alert on Chinese drone makers is entirely groundless," said Yang Jincai,
director of Shenzhen Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Industry Association.

Yang noted that DJI attaches great importance to information security, and the
data storage and transmission is mastered by users, adding the US alert may hurt
drone enthusiasts and US companies and professional organizations that
increasingly rely on Chinese-made drones.

Founded in 2006, DJI accounts for almost 70 percent of the consumer drone market
worldwide, with Europe and North America its biggest customers. It is ramping up
efforts to expand its product portfolio.

The company reported 17.57 billion yuan ($2.5 billion) in revenue in 2017, up 80
percent from a year earlier, and about 80 percent of the revenue came from the
overseas market.

At present, drones are used for aerial photography, agriculture, geological
surveys and mapping, electricity, oil and petroleum pipeline inspection,
transportation, construction, public security and even disaster relief.

The global market revenue for drones is expected to surpass $11.2 billion by
2020, according to a report by market research company Gartner Inc.

fanfeifei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/22/2019 page13)


                             187 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 22, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Economists see ulterior motive in US trade, tariff moves

BYLINE: Xin Zhiming and Zhong Nan

BODY:

Washington has resorted to raising tariffs on Chinese goods and restricting
Chinese telecom giant Huawei to undermine China's economic growth and maintain
the United States' edge in economic development, Russian economists said.

"The recent standoff between China and the US is obviously an attempt by the
latter to maintain its dominant role in world economy, through holding back
China's development," said Alexander Lomanov, chief research fellow of Primakov
National Research Institute of World Economy and International Relations of the
Russian Academy of Sciences.

Fedor Voytolovskiy, director of the Russian institute, also said that the recent
US trade and tariff moves are aimed at maintaining its technological leadership.

"What has happened recently between China and the US is a reflection of how
tariffs and trade can be used to protect the global technological leadership of
the US," he told a forum on Belt and Road Initiative, held by the Institute of
World Economics and Politics of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences on
Monday.

Earlier this month, the US decided to raise tariffs on $200 billion worth of
Chinese imports to 25 percent from 10 percent. It threatened to raise tariffs on
more Chinese goods if China does not agree to its demands.

Meanwhile, the White House has signed an executive order restricting Huawei from
selling equipment for use in US telecommunications networks.

Voytolovskiy warned the US could extend its ban on Chinese companies into other
high-tech fields.

"In terms of long-term goals, the incidents mean the US will not only protect
its companies in 5G, but also in fields such as aerospace, IT, new materials and
other fields of technological leadership."

He warned that the escalation of Sino-US economic and trade confrontation may
lead to economic decoupling of the world's top two economic powers.

Through the tariff and restriction policies, the US may seek to bring down
China's economic growth while maintaining its strong recent growth, so that
China's GDP will not catch up with that of the US, Lomanov told China Daily on
Monday.

"But the US' strong growth may not be sustainable," he said. "It cannot escape
the economic cycle."

The US registered an exceptional GDP growth of 2.9 percent year-on-year in 2018,
but economists warned that the high growth rate may not be sustainable and the
US economy is faced with problems like financial fragility.

In China's case, its economic growth has stabilized in the first quarter; and in
the years until the middle of the century, China's economic growth may possibly
be kept above the average world economic growth, said Cai Fang, deputy head of
the CASS.

"China's income growth remains at the same level of mid-income countries and it
still has a lot of potential to develop," he told another forum held by the
Institute of Economics of the CASS on Friday.

Contact the writers at xinzhiming@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/22/2019 page13)


                             188 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 22, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Huawei redraws the map to create cities of the future

BYLINE: Yuan Shenggao

BODY:

The 2019 Shenzhen Smart City Forum held from May 14-15 in Guangdong province
aims to improve communication and cooperation in the building of smart and
digital cities, organizers said.

With the theme "ushering in a bright future for smart cities", the forum brought
together city leaders from across the world, Huawei executives, smart city
experts, UN-Habitat experts and scholars and high-tech enterprises.

The group shares their latest development concepts and explores the future
together.

Representatives and executives at the 2019 Shenzhen Smart City Forum held from
May 14-15 in Guangdong province.

"This year witnesses the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's
Republic of China and is the 40th year since the establishment of Shenzhen city.
Shenzhen reflects the historical achievements China has made, serving as a
window to display China to the world," said Wang Weizhong, secretary of the CPC
Shenzhen committee.

"We hope to make friends with those taking the opportunity of this forum and
together contributing wisdom and power for a common human community," Wang said.

Guo Ping, rotating chairman of Huawei, said that "Huawei is dedicated to
building a smart city digital foundation that enables integrating, exploring,
analyzing, and sharing data, by using ubiquitous connectivity, a digital
platform and pervasive intelligence".

"More importantly, we develop a digital brain for cities with application
partners, building a common ecosystem with mutual advantages. This brain will
provide advanced ways to help cities make informed development decisions and
will allow e-government, transport and policing domains to go digital.

"In doing so, we hope to build smart cities featuring smart administration, more
benefits for residents and prosperous industry development."

Ugo Valenti, CEO of Smart City Expo World Congress, said that "Innovative
technologies, including 5G, internet of things, artificial intelligence and
cloud, are changing how cities are governed and managed. By nurturing
Public-Private-People Partnership, a co-creation model among government,
corporations and citizens, smart cities will help more open decision-making and
bring a people-centric new world."

The highlight of the opening ceremony was the sophisticated dialogue that took
place among members of government departments, enterprises and the academic
community.

The panel explored emerging technologies, and how to construct big data-based
city information and communication technology infrastructure to safeguard public
security and order. They also discussed how to enhance the governance, public
welfare and economy in modern cities by leveraging digital services and using a
disruptive digital brain.

Yan Lida, president of Huawei Enterprise Business Group, said: "The usage of
digital technology has become one of the criteria to assess a city's
intelligence level.

Future smart cities will have five new infrastructural platforms, namely cloud,
IoT, data lake, AI and video surveillance network.

"These five platforms will form a foundation for us to achieve ubiquitous
connectivity, realize pervasive intelligence and streamline heterogeneous
systems. Huawei uses its cloud as the basis to integrate various new ICT, such
as AI, IoT, big data, converged communications, video and GIS, to build a
comprehensive digital platform," he said.

"This platform provides technical enablement for government and enterprise
customers, helping them easily cope with complicated technical issues."

In addition, Huawei has built 12 OpenLabs around the world to conduct
customer-oriented innovation with partners. Building a smart city is a long and
evolving process.

Based on Huawei's digital platform, cities will be like a living thing. New
applications will emerge and grow through repetition and eventually achieve
overall prosperity, he said.

"The United Nations 2030 Sustainable Development Goals include one on
sustainable cities and communities. We hope to drive the realization of the
goals through smart city endeavors with confidence.

"We are to face the challenges from smart city construction, but embrace its
unlimited potential. From the perspective of the UN, international cooperation
is significant. We see a good platform here today for cities to share their
experience," Yan said.

This event was hosted by Shenzhen government and organized by Shenzhen foreign
affairs office.

As a co-organizer, Huawei is a global leading smart city and safe city solution
provider.

With partners, Huawei is drawing a blueprint for smart cities. Huawei smart city
and safe city solutions have served more than 700 cities in over 100 countries,
helping local security and social and economic development.

(China Daily 05/22/2019 page15)


                             189 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 22, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Huawei definitely will not repeat ZTE's fate this time

BODY:

On the heels of the United States government announcement it will ban
unauthorized exports of US technology to Huawei, by Monday, a number of major US
tech giants, including Google, had reportedly stopped supplies.

Amid the escalating tit-for-tat trade blows between the world's two largest
economies, the US putting Huawei, the face of Chinese hi-tech progress, on its
Entity List is no doubt a calculated blow to hit China and Huawei where it
hurts. "America will probably use its ability to withhold components from Huawei
as a bargaining chip in a future trade deal with China," The Economist reckons.

Very likely so. Only things may not go the way Washington decision-makers have
in mind.

If they wanted a replay of what happened to ZTE, a Chinese company which relies
heavily on outsider technologies, they may never see it. Because Huawei is a
dramatically different kind of business.

The Plan B Huawei has just revealed - a series of self-developed chips - is only
part of what makes it an enterprise of strategic insight, and hence resilience.
Over time, that insight has rewarded it with a viable biosphere that its founder
Ren Zhengfei believes will enable it to weather the storm. "Our growth may drop
a bit in the wake of US restrictions, but negative growth is impossible," said a
confident Ren during a Tuesday interview with Chinese media, adding that Huawei
has cultivated longstanding trust with industry partners.

That may be why, even after Google barred Huawei from some Android features, Ren
spoke highly of the Silicon Valley giant, praising it as a "good company". That
may be why despite the US government blacklisting Huawei, Ren on Tuesday
expressed continued willingness to collaborate with US partners in the future.

Ren's confidence lies in Huawei's capacity to serve its customers under "any
circumstances", and has the support of its growing clientele at home and abroad.

"Last week, in public bidding by China Mobile, we won contracts to build 5G
networks for 37 of the 40 cities," Ren disclosed. "Our capacity for mass
production is enormous, and will not drop much with US restrictions".

The otherwise low-profile Huawei leader made no secret about his pride in his
company's technologies: "Huawei's 5G will absolutely not be affected. When it
comes to 5G technologies, others will definitely not catch up in two or three
years".

That was why the confident Ren said the 90-day exemption Washington declared on
Monday was dispensable.

If those in Washington wonder why their European allies are reluctant to answer
their calls for excluding Huawei from their 5G networks, Ren had an answer: "For
every base station site, Huawei can save the Europeans 10,000 euros ($11,192).
Instead of following the US, they have communicated with us closely".

Huawei is not ZTE. And is unlikely to become the kind of vulnerable hostage the
latter has been. The US tactic will not work second time around.

(China Daily 05/22/2019 page8)


                             190 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 22, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: US and Iran not heading toward war

BYLINE: Liu Jianna

BODY:

Editor's Note: Tensions between the United States and Iran have risen
significantly of late, with US President Donald Trump saying a war between the
two countries would be the "official end" of Iran and Major-General Hossein
Salami, commander of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, responding that
although Iran is not pursuing war, it is fully prepared to defend itself. Are
the two countries headed for war? Three experts share their views on the issue
with China Daily's Liu Jianna. Excerpts follow:

US wants to achieve multiple objectives

Li Weijian, a senior research fellow at the Center for West Asian and African
Studies and Institute for Foreign Policy Studies, Shanghai Institutes for
International Studies

The US' war rhetoric is part of its "maximum pressure" tactics to browbeat Iran.
But, instead of launching a war, the world's sole superpower intends to put
psychological pressure on Iran to realize its multiple objectives. For instance,
by putting more pressure on Teheran, Washington aims to secure more bargaining
chips to deal with other major countries including China.

In fact, the US has already "blacklisted" telecommunications equipment maker
Huawei on the pretext that it violated the US' sanctions against doing business
with Iran.

Besides, the US could force European companies that are doing business with or
in Iran to exit the Iranian market. Perhaps the US also wants to reduce the
attention on its controversial "Deal of the Century" with Israel (which may be
partly released in late June) to "end" the 70-year-old Israeli-Palestinian
conflict.

Also, by hyping up the Iran threat and labeling Iran as a foe of the US,
Washington believes it can sanctify the continuous presence of NATO forces in
the Middle East.

Most importantly, the US voters' support for Israel and general dislike for Iran
would influence the White House's decisions on Iran at a time when the US is
preparing for the next presidential campaign.

In other words, the US' Iran policy is designed to pressure Iran from all fronts
without triggering a full-blown war.

A real war unlikely to break out

Huang Minxing, a professor of Middle Eastern studies at the Institute of Middle
Eastern Studies, Northwest University

A war between the US and Iran is unlikely because neither country wants to be
dragged into a military conflict. Despite the US putting increasing pressure on
its economy including an imminent oil embargo and possible ban on other exports,
Iran is not in a position to confront the world's sole superpower.

The US may not launch a war against Iran also because it is less confident of
controlling a war against a big country such as Iran. And starting a war with
Iran will be against the US' intended policy of withdrawing from the Middle East
despite the saber-rattling of war hawks represented by National Security Advisor
John R. Bolton.

By "banning" the export of Iranian oil, the US has already caused much tension
worldwide and a war would exert even more pressure on the global oil market and
cause oil prices to shoot through the roof. And the possible blockade of the
Strait of Hormuz in case a war breaks out will harm not only Iran, but also
other Gulf countries that are major oil exporters.

US-Iran war of words increases uncertainties

Ma Xiaolin, a professor of Middle Eastern studies at Beijing Foreign Studies
University

Despite the war of words between the two sides, the possibility of a US-Iran war
breaking out remains slim, especially because the Democrats and Republicans both
are focusing their attention to deal with complicated relations with major
countries such as China and Russia even as the US prepares for another
presidential election.

In the foreseeable future, the differences between the US and Iran are expected
to play out mainly in the form of a business and psychological war including
economic, trade, and financial sanctions and blockades, instead of a real war.
Yet the continuous strategic confrontation between the US and Iran will add to
the turbulence and uncertainties in the Middle East in the long run.

As a matter of fact, the tense situation the US has created in the Persian Gulf
by applying its "maximum pressure" policy against Iran has fed into its allies'
anxieties, as Marzouq Al-Ghanim, speaker of the Kuwaiti National Assembly, said
on Thursday that it has become clear how delicate, sensitive and dangerous the
stage ahead is and stressed the necessity of taking all measures for all
possible eventualities.

The views don't necessarily represent those of China Daily.

(China Daily 05/22/2019 page9)


                             191 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 22, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Foreign media wrong on China's stance on trade talks

BYLINE: Xin Zhiming and Jing Shuiyu

BODY:

The reports by some foreign media outlets that China has been virtually closing
the door to economic and trade consultations with the US are both inaccurate and
misleading.

While the US government has imposed new additional tariffs on Chinese goods and
signed an executive order expecting to restrict Huawei from selling in and
buying from the US, a WeChat account known as Taoran Notes, released a Chinese
article saying that is "a sure sign that the United States isn't sincere in its
willingness to negotiate a fair and reasonable deal".

However, some foreign media outlets, including Bloomberg, one-sidedly and
wrongfully quoted the Chinese-language commentary, claiming that China has no
interest in continuing trade negotiations with the US, just because the story
commented that "without good faith and substantive action from the US side, it
will be meaningless to visit Beijing to resume the talks".

Such interpretations are out of line with China's stance that the two sides
should solve the trade dispute through serious and sincere dialogues.

The WeChat Chinese-language article has attached importance to "dialogue with
principle and sincerity" it obviously did not mean that the two sides should
stop the current negotiation process. But foreign media reports have interpreted
the article as a sign that China no longer wants to continue talks with the US.

Foreign media may have misunderstood the Chinese media's true intention, because
of cultural differences. For example, the article said: "Since rational
communication only resulted in more greed from the US side, China might as well
halt the talks altogether and try other alternatives."

Some US media, however, only emphasized "halt the talks" while ignoring the
premise of the argument. Perhaps it is a better story for these commercial news
organizations. But there is still a crucial step to move the story closer to the
truth: The US does not consider China's legitimate demands, thus China will have
to stop the negotiations.

Of course, ordinary Chinese people can't rule out another possibility, even
though the chance is slim, that some foreign media purposely quoted the passage
out of context and distorted the Chinese article's true meaning. Either for
translation and understanding errors, or because of cultural differences and
wrong intentions, such interpretations are groundless and just not the truth.

Indeed, thanks to the insincere and changing attitude of the US side, the
economic and trade consultations between the two countries have suffered serious
setbacks, but China's door to negotiations will remain open so long as
Washington stops applying maximum pressure and becomes consistent in its stance.

As Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said on Thursday, the US side must be
truly sincere to make any upcoming negotiations meaningful; on the one hand, it
must honor the principle of mutual respect, mutual benefit and equality; on the
other hand, it must be consistent and do what it promises.

The message that Lu has sent is clear: China, as always, would like to solve its
disputes with the US through consultations on an equal footing. It has shown
utmost sincerity in carrying on the talks with the US, as displayed by its
delegation still flying to Washington for the 11th round of talks with the US
even after the US government broke the consensus reached by the two sides to
abruptly raise tariffs on Chinese goods before the start of the negotiations.

When its maximum goodwill and sincerity were matched by maximum pressure from
the US side, China opted to hit back, announcing its plan to raise tariffs on US
products. But its stance remains unchanged: Consultations should continue if the
US side gives up its destructive attitude and becomes constructive.

For Washington, it may wish to look tough and use maximum pressure to force
China to agree to its many unreasonable demands. Such wishful thinking and
calculations, however, are set to fail.

China, which is consistent in safeguarding its core national interests, has
become very familiar with such self-indulgent tactics in the previous rounds of
the talks with the US administration, and there is little possibility of it
bowing to the US' unreasonable demands.

The two countries have been engaged in a trade confrontation for about a year,
and it has proved that such frictions damage the interests of both countries and
the world economy as a whole. Therefore, they have the incentive to find a
proper solution acceptable to both.

The authors are writers with China Daily.

(China Daily 05/22/2019 page9)


                             192 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 22, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: China has to withstand shock waves from its rise

BYLINE: Li Yang

BODY:

THE US ADMINISTRATION said it would ban US corporations from selling components
and software to Huawei, China's 5G technology giant. China Daily reporter Li
Yang comments:

Washington is intent on slowing Huawei's development so that US companies can
take advantage of the window phase, though secured in an indecent manner, to
narrow their gap with the industrial leader.

Now it is all too clear that Washington's objective is by no means to address
its trade deficit with Beijing, but to wipe out China's competitiveness in
high-tech fields, and contain the country's development momentum.

China needs to be prepared for a prolonged attack on its technology companies,
as this is not like the trade skirmishes they have had in the past, which it
succeeded in resolving through talks.

The tacit agreement between Beijing and Washington to divorce their trade
frictions from other aspects of bilateral ties has now been broken as the US
administration has expanded the dispute to their industrial cooperation and even
cultural exchanges.

The US administration has put China in its cross hairs as a major rival, if not
opponent, so Beijing must recalibrate its approach to relations with Washington.
Even if the long-anticipated trade agreement is inked, relations between China
and the United States will not be put on an even keel unless Washington comes to
terms with China's rise and stops trying to impede it.

Washington needs to treat Beijing with due respect, recognizing the fact that
China is no longer a sweatshop sustaining the US' prosperity but a technological
powerhouse in its own right.

It is China's fast growth that is breaking the old power balance with the US,
which China cannot avoid, and it is up to the US to accept this and change its
approach so that the two countries can strike a new equilibrium. Beijing is
always ready to cooperate to the benefit of both.

Having said that, the trade dispute has made Beijing aware that it cannot pin
its hopes on Washington changing its mind, and only through honing its own
industrial, commercial and institutional competitiveness can it firmly grasp the
initiative. This has spurred and will continue to spur Beijing to deepen its
domestic structural reforms and open its doors wider to other partners.

China's macroeconomy will be affected to some extent by the trade frictions, but
the changes to the external environment should be regarded as part of the new
normal that China has to adapt to. History indicates that the rise of any big
power always triggers a series of changes of international order. And unless
China has the ability to acclimatize to the changes and shape them, its ascent
will be abridged.

(China Daily 05/22/2019 page8)


                             193 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 21, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Global traction key to branding success of firms

BYLINE: Zheng Xin

BODY:

While some traditional brands are striving to shine on the international stage
after achieving acceptance in the domestic market, many new entrants are seeking
global success first and considering the domestic market later.

Awareness, differentiation can help Chinese enterprises gain recognition

While some traditional brands are striving to shine on the international stage
after achieving acceptance in the domestic market, many new entrants are seeking
global success first and considering the domestic market later.

"It has already become a trend or model for some Chinese brands and I think we
will see more young entrepreneurial Chinese brands adopting that strategy, as
there have been many successful examples," said David Roth, CEO of WPP Global
Retail Business.

"If you had asked me that question five years ago (whether a Chinese brand could
make its name on the global stage before hitting the domestic market), I would
have said that it's impossible for a brand that is small in its domestic market
to be a big international brand. Up to relatively recently, we would have said
that it's a model that holds true."

Chinese brands are in such a rush, they don't want to wait until they're big in
China before they develop outside of the country, "so we are seeing many big
brands outside China, which are still small brands inside the country," he
added.

Zaful, a one-stop online shop for fashion apparel, is one examples of boosting
brand awareness in countries like the United States, Canada, Australia and the
United Kingdom before trying the domestic market.

"What works for the rest of the world is likely to be popular in China," said
Leo Wang, Zaful founder and CEO.

The global presence of Chinese companies also helps domestic buyers develop a
positive attitude toward them. Chinese consumers have intense pride knowing
their brands are valued and used across the world.

However, Roth said it's just as important to select markets carefully, as
catching on in larger countries like the US is much more difficult than in
regions like India, Latin America, Brazil or Indonesia.

"Chinese products need to be of good value, affordable and highly innovative,"
he said.

Roth believed Chinese brands like Huawei are already branding themselves as good
value and highly innovative.

According to the recently released annual BrandZ Top 50 Chinese Global Brand
Builders ranking, jointly prepared by creative transformation company WPP and
its research firm Kantar Millward Brown, younger consumers across the world are
more receptive to Chinese brands.

"I think one of the key things Chinese brands need to do in a bid to be global
players around the world, is to increase awareness, and differentiation, and
fine tune those brands, targeting specific regions," Roth suggested.

zhengxin@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/21/2019 page16)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/77/155839969827.jpg

a41f726b05111e4d819d0c.jpg


                             194 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 21, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: US betrays all its ugliness with its attacks on Huawei

BODY:

Google's suspension of business with Huawei, which it announced on the weekend,
is not a surprise after Washington's blacklisting of the Chinese
telecommunications equipment maker on Wednesday.

But - and no doubt to the relief of those that have been happy to use Huawei's
products and do business with it - having seen what happened to another Chinese
company ZTE, the telecom giant has prepared itself for an attack by the United
States and has implemented a contingency plan.

That explains why Ren Zhengfei, founder and also chief executive officer of
Huawei, said in an interview with Japanese journalist on Saturday that his
company will not have any problem even if US companies stop providing it with
components. What is even more noteworthy is that Ren said Huawei will never
manufacture equipment for 5G telecom networks in the US even if his company is
invited to do so.

"It is too risky to do business in the United States which has repeatedly issued
policies to threaten its trading partners," Ren said, adding that Huawei has
done nothing wrong and illegal. It is true that Huawei may meet some
difficulties. And as Ren said, his company's development will slow down a little
bit.

But by accusing Huawei of espionage without evidence and using the groundless
excuse to exclude the Chinese company from the US market and even persuade its
allies not to do business with Huawei, Washington is showing it has no qualms
about using dirty tricks to try and crush China's 5G leader.

It is not the first time that the US government has told lies for political
reasons. In order to launch a war against Iraq, it told the international
community that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction. That was a lie.

It claims to be a supporter of free trade, but as its protectionism and rules
bending/breaking show, that too is a lie.

It has never been one for keeping its words, and its withdrawal from the Paris
Agreement on climate change and from the multilateral Iran nuclear deal continue
its tradition of agreeing to one thing and then doing another.

With its treatment of Huawei, the US government has revealed all its ugliness in
its dealings with other countries: Its despotism as the world's sole superpower
without any respect for rules, its haughtiness and lack of respect for the
dignity of its trade partners, its condescending attitude toward the rest of the
world and its outright selfishness and unwillingness to accept that it is a
member of a wider community.

It seems as if the US takes it for granted that it has the absolute say over
everything in its dealings with the rest of the world, which has to take
whatever the US dishes out no matter how arbitrary and despotic that is. But
China will not take it and neither will Huawei.

(China Daily 05/21/2019 page8)


                             195 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 21, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Huawei vows to protect its users' rights

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Huawei Technologies Co said on Monday that it will continue to provide security
updates and after-sales services for all its smartphone and tablet products,
covering those that have been sold and that are in stock globally.

Beijing backs company's stance after Google confirms access restrictions

Huawei Technologies Co said on Monday that it will continue to provide security
updates and after-sales services for all its smartphone and tablet products,
covering those that have been sold and that are in stock globally.

The announcement came after Google announced on Monday that it has restricted
Huawei's access to updates of its Android operating system and some mobile
services in compliance with US government curbs on the Chinese tech company.

Huawei said in a statement that "as one of Android's key global partners, we
have worked closely with their open-source platform to develop an ecosystem that
has benefited both users and the industry.

"We will continue to build a safe and sustainable software ecosystem, in order
to provide the best experience for all users globally," the company said.

Responding to Google's partial suspension of its business with Huawei, Foreign
Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said on Monday: "We will keep a close eye on the
issue. China supports Chinese enterprises' defense of their legitimate rights
through legal means."

Google's move was made in compliance with the order issued by the US Commerce
Department that banned Huawei from buying any US technologies without special
government approval. The US claims that Huawei poses risks to its national
security, an accusation that Huawei said was unfounded.

Google said the next version of Huawei's smartphones outside China would lose
access to popular applications and services including the Google Play store and
the Gmail app, but Google Play and security features of Google Play Protect
would continue on existing Huawei devices.

Huawei devices can also access the version of the Android operating system
available through the open source license that is free to anyone who wishes to
use it, Google added.

Wang Yanhui, secretary-general of the Mobile China Alliance, an association of
Chinese smartphone vendors, said the move will have a limited impact on Huawei's
current smartphone users, but added that "it will pose a challenge to Huawei's
overseas smartphone business if the issue cannot be properly addressed in time".

"Moreover, the move gives global smartphone vendors a warning that they must
have alternatives to the Android operating system, which may threaten Google's
dominance in the area," Wang added.

As the world's second-largest smartphone vendor, Huawei shipped more than 200
million handsets globally last year, with half of those destined for overseas
markets.

In March, Yu Chengdong, CEO of Huawei's consumer business group, said the
company had prepared a self-developed mobile operating system to deal with such
a worst-case scenario.

In addition to the software challenge posed by Google, US chipmakers including
Qualcomm Inc and Intel Corp are also said to have stopped supplying products to
Huawei, Bloomberg reported. The companies' representatives did not immediately
comment on the report.

Jia Mo, an analyst at Singapore-based market research company Canalys, said the
US ban could hurt US companies that increasingly rely on the China market for
growth.

Some US semiconductor companies, like Qorvo, get up to about 10 percent of their
revenue from Huawei, according to a report by financial services company Credit
Suisse.

Zhou Jin contributed to this story.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/21/2019 page1)


                             196 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 21, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Global traction key to branding success of firms

BYLINE: Zheng Xin

BODY:

While some traditional brands are striving to shine on the international stage
after achieving acceptance in the domestic market, many new entrants are seeking
global success first and considering the domestic market later.

Awareness, differentiation can help Chinese enterprises gain recognition

While some traditional brands are striving to shine on the international stage
after achieving acceptance in the domestic market, many new entrants are seeking
global success first and considering the domestic market later.

"It has already become a trend or model for some Chinese brands and I think we
will see more young entrepreneurial Chinese brands adopting that strategy, as
there have been many successful examples," said David Roth, CEO of WPP Global
Retail Business.

"If you had asked me that question five years ago (whether a Chinese brand could
make its name on the global stage before hitting the domestic market), I would
have said that it's impossible for a brand that is small in its domestic market
to be a big international brand. Up to relatively recently, we would have said
that it's a model that holds true."

Chinese brands are in such a rush, they don't want to wait until they're big in
China before they develop outside of the country, "so we are seeing many big
brands outside China, which are still small brands inside the country," he
added.

Zaful, a one-stop online shop for fashion apparel, is one examples of boosting
brand awareness in countries like the United States, Canada, Australia and the
United Kingdom before trying the domestic market.

"What works for the rest of the world is likely to be popular in China," said
Leo Wang, Zaful founder and CEO.

The global presence of Chinese companies also helps domestic buyers develop a
positive attitude toward them. Chinese consumers have intense pride knowing
their brands are valued and used across the world.

However, Roth said it's just as important to select markets carefully, as
catching on in larger countries like the US is much more difficult than in
regions like India, Latin America, Brazil or Indonesia.

"Chinese products need to be of good value, affordable and highly innovative,"
he said.

Roth believed Chinese brands like Huawei are already branding themselves as good
value and highly innovative.

According to the recently released annual BrandZ Top 50 Chinese Global Brand
Builders ranking, jointly prepared by creative transformation company WPP and
its research firm Kantar Millward Brown, younger consumers across the world are
more receptive to Chinese brands.

"I think one of the key things Chinese brands need to do in a bid to be global
players around the world, is to increase awareness, and differentiation, and
fine tune those brands, targeting specific regions," Roth suggested.

zhengxin@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/21/2019 page16)


                             197 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 20, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Development zone lands investment at expo

BYLINE: Yuan Shenggao

BODY:

Companies show great confidence in high-tech industry projects in economic
engine of Xi'an

Xi'an Hi-Tech Industries Development Zone, a major economic, industrial and
human resources cluster in Xi'an, capital of Northwest China's Shaanxi province,
attracted 140.9 billion yuan ($20.48 billion) in investment at the Fourth Silk
Road International Exposition, and the Investment and Trade Forum for
Cooperation between East and West China held earlier this month, showing the
great confidence investors have in the area.

The investment will go toward 41 projects covering electronic information
systems, advanced manufacturing, biological medicine, headquarters economy,
urban support facilities and financial services, with many big companies aiming
to establish a presence in the zone.

Chinese tech giant Huawei will cooperate with the zone focusing on the
development of smart cities and new healthcare technologies. China Telecom, the
country's major telecoms operator, will invest 3 billion yuan in the zone to
develop automated driving technologies, remote education, industrial internet
and smart transportation using 5G networks.

State-owned enterprises, such as China Communications Construction, China State
Construction and COFCO, have pledged to build headquarters in the zone. Retail
chain giant Joy City plans to build a new shopping mall complex, with an
investment of 10 to 15 billion yuan. Xi'an International Medical Investment has
chosen the zone for its research into the prevention, treatment and teaching of
age-related diseases.

Chinese leading e-commerce company Alibaba Group plans to build offline stores
in schools in the zone. Property operator Bluetown has invested 8 billion yuan
in constructing an ecological town there.

An investment fund was set up for the zone by Xi'an Financial Holdings and
Shaanxi Culture Industry Investment Group to back Chinese cultural companies to
go global.

Xi'an, an ancient city once functioning as capital during the reign of 13
imperial dynasties, is transforming itself into a fashionable and modern
metropolis. As a major transport hub on the ancient Silk Road, today the city is
developing an open economy to link its resources to the outside world and make
contributions toward the goals of the Belt and Road Initiative.

As a major economic engine of Xi'an, the high-tech zone is home to 98 percent of
all Fortune Global 500 companies in the city. GDP growth in the zone was 13
percent from January to March, 4.4 percentage points higher than Xi'an as a
whole. In the first quarter alone, the zone attracted $867 million in
investment.

With some 120,000 companies operating in the zone, its three pillar industries
are electronic information systems, such as semiconductors and software, modern
manufacturing, including new energy vehicles and biomedicine, and modern
services in finance and creative culture.

A total of 115 Fortune Global 500 companies, such as Samsung, Siemens,
Honeywell, Intel, IBM and GE have settled in the zone, together with 2,000
foreign-invested companies, 1,926 high-tech enterprises and 145 publicly listed
companies.

The annual Silk Road International Exposition is a platform for countries and
regions involved in the BRI to promote trade, culture and people-to-people
exchanges. This year, the event attracted people from more than 40 countries and
regions, such as the United States, United Kingdom, France, Japan, Russia,
Australia and Germany.

The high-tech zone amazed attendees at the event with its many products, such as
smart parking lot systems, big data analysis and management platform for health,
high-speed laser cladding devices and iris identity recognition, as well as
achievements made in creative culture and other sectors.

The exposition is also known for its efforts in pioneering a new and innovative
business environment in western China.

Li Jun, executive director of real estate company Greentown China Holdings, said
the zone is the most economically advanced area with a solid industrial base in
Shaanxi province.

Xu Guanghong, deputy general manager of Zhejiang Wenchuang Group, said the zone
provides an efficient and friendly environment for companies through its
policies and services.

Xue Lei, general manager of Xi'an Bright Laser Technologies, a provider of
integrated solutions for metal additive manufacturing, said it took the company
only a week to be granted permission for land use in the zone.

The zone even helped clear up construction waste near the land within three
days.

"When we ran into any problem, the officials would work into the middle of the
night to deal with it. It conforms to their promise to never leave a problem for
the next day," he said.

He added the zone is changing every month, with newly resurfaced roads and
improved infrastructure.

"These changes show the vitality and power of regional development," Xue said,
adding he is confident about the future of the zone.

Charles Fischer, president of Henry Fischer Group, said the ideal investment
environment, dynamic economic development, preferential policies for investors
and optimized processes aimed at helping products reach the market, gave him
much confidence in the zone.

The company and Xi'an Groke Corp are building a Sino-Italian fashion town and
Fischer European City, to introduce new culture, fashion, tourism and other
industrial resources to Xi'an.

Company representatives and government officials sign agreements at the Fourth
Silk Road International Exposition, and the Investment and Trade Forum for
Cooperation between East and West China held in Xi'an, capital of Northwest
China's Shaanxi province in May. The event attracted up to 140.9 billion yuan of
investment to the Xi'an Hi-Tech Industries Development Zone.Photos Provided To
China Daily

(China Daily 05/20/2019 page12)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/11/155831333014.jpg

00221917e13e1e4c352d26.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/95/155831333029.jpg

00221917e13e1e4c353627.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/24/155831333059.jpg

00221917e13e1e4c353b28.jpg


                             198 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 20, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: No way for Washington to get what it wants by bullying

BODY:

In a phone conversation with US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo on Saturday,
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi urged the United States to mend its ways or
bilateral relations will otherwise further deteriorate.

The executive order that US President Donald Trump issued on Wednesday, which
banned the technology and services of "foreign adversaries", has been seen as
another move to target the Chinese telecommunications company Huawei.

It is indeed too much for Washington to try to curb the normal development of a
foreign company through administrative means. It has never had any evidence to
support its claim that Huawei represents a security threat.

Wang Yi also expressed China's strong opposition to the remarks some US
politicians have made about Taiwan, which have deviated from the three Sino-US
joint communiqu[#xfffd][#xfffd]s, which form the foundation for handling affairs
concerning the island.

What cannot be clearer is the US is suffering from serious paranoia about
China's rise. Its attempt to strangle the development of Chinese technology
companies is meant to block China's advancement in science and technology.

Likewise, the US is seeking to contain the growth of the Chinese economy by
launching a trade war against China.

But despite its efforts the US will not be able to contain China's technological
progress, nor will it halt China's economic development.

Instead of being glued to the past, the US should embrace the opportunities
presented by China's rise.

China continues to display patience and always maintains that the differences
between them can be settled through talks. Even if some differences cannot be
settled for the time being, they can be shelved so that they won't stand in the
way of the development of harmonious relations.

However, the US is too arrogant and condescendingly attempts to dictate to China
what to do.

That explains why Wang Yi called on the US to follow the direction set by the
two countries' heads of state and manage their differences on the basis of
mutual respect.

China has every reason to defend its own interests and the norms of
international relations.

It is high time that the US conscientiously thought about the way it handles
relations with China. Continued frictions will only result in losses for both
sides while the harmonious development of bilateral ties would benefit both.

The US should never harbor the belief that it can take advantage of China by
trying to bully it. That will lead the US nowhere.

(China Daily 05/20/2019 page8)


                             199 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 20, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: China's tech rise gives US bad case of heebie-jeebies

BYLINE: Zhong Sheng

BODY:

On May 15, the United States Department of Commerce announced it had put the
Chinese telecommunications company Huawei on its Entity List, which means US
companies have to get the government's permission to supply Huawei with their
products. Zhong Sheng, a columnist for People's Daily, comments:

US officials have been busy traveling around the world to promote their claim
that "Chinese technologies are harmful". They do so because the United States
wants to halt China's progress and development.

According to IPlytics, a German patent database company, in March, China held
34.02 percent of all the necessary patents for 5G telecommunications, while the
US held only 14 percent. That is what some in the US are really worried about.

But the US moves to try to limit the space for Chinese technology only
demonstrate to the world the US' bad intentions and how low it is willing to
stoop.

In 2018, the total number of R&D personnel in China was estimated at 4.18
million, the highest in the world. China's number of patent applications and
approvals both rank first in the world, while the contribution rate of
technology is as high as 58.5 percent.

All these show that China is transitioning from being the world's factory to
being the world's innovation platform. Why should this be threatening? If
China's technologies are "threats", then the US must be a bigger "threat"
because of its technologies.

The logic of these US officials is that since the US has done bad things with
science and technology, then others will too.

But China has always benefited the world with its technologies. And in fields
such as medicine, agriculture and aerospace, it has cooperated smoothly with
other countries.

A new round of technological innovation is reshaping the global technological
landscape, and any country that develops technologies must have a global
perspective. Any attempt to curb global technological cooperation will be
opposed by all peace-loving nations and people. All efforts to suppress Chinese
technological progress will be in vain.

(China Daily 05/20/2019 page8)


                             200 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 20, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: US urged to avoid more damage to China ties

BYLINE: Wang Qingyun and Ma Si

BODY:

Beijing urged Washington on Saturday "not to go too far" in harming China's
interests, and called for it to change course to avoid further damaging
bilateral ties.

China firmly opposes the United States' recent remarks and actions that harmed
China's interests, including its resorting to political means to suppress normal
operations of Chinese companies, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi
said in a phone call with US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo.

History and reality show that China and the US both benefit from cooperating
with each other, while both suffer from bilateral conflicts, and cooperation is
the only proper choice for the two major countries, Wang said.

The phone call took place days after the US Commerce Department announced on
Wednesday it will add telecommunications equipment maker Huawei and its
affiliates to the Entity List on Wednesday. Being on the list bars the company
from buying US technology without government approval due to security concerns.

On the same day, US President Donald Trump signed an executive order that bars
US companies from using telecom equipment from manufacturers considered a
national security risk, without mentioning Huawei by name.

Such moves, as well as the increase of tariffs on $200 billion worth of Chinese
goods earlier this month, complicated the prospect of continuing the bilateral
trade talks that have been ongoing for more than a year.

China has always believed in and hoped to solve trade differences through talks,
but such talks should be equal, Wang said. In any talks, China must protect its
legitimate interests, heed its people's will and safeguard the basic norms of
international relations, he said.

The two countries should follow the direction set by their heads of state,
manage differences on the basis of mutual respect and expand cooperation on the
basis of mutual benefit, he added.

Ren Zhengfei, founder and CEO of Huawei, told the Nikkei Asian Review on
Saturday that the company has not done anything that violates the law, and the
ban will have a limited impact on its business.

However, Xiang Ligang, director-general of the telecom industry association
Information Consumption Alliance, said the US ban will disrupt the global
electronics industry, given the size of Huawei as the world's largest telecom
equipment maker and the second-largest smartphone vendor.

Wang Peng, deputy head of think tank China Center for Information Industry
Development, said Huawei's chip making arm HiSilicon can help Huawei ensure the
sustainability of its business to some extent, and its chip stocks "are expected
to provide a buffer of six months to a year".

Huawei said it procured around $70 billion worth of components and services from
its 13,000 suppliers worldwide last year, with roughly $11 billion coming from
US suppliers.

The US has been voicing the "national security threat" of using Huawei products.

French President Emmanuel Macron said on Thursday that France will allow Huawei
to build its 5G network infrastructure while preserving national security,
according to Xinhua News Agency.

Huawei launched its 5G smartphone in London on Thursday as mobile network
operators prepare to switch on 5G network in parts of the United Kingdom, Xinhua
reported.

Also in Saturday's call, Wang Yi urged the US to observe the one-China policy
and the three joint communiques between the two countries, and handle
Taiwan-related issues carefully and properly.

The US House of Representatives passed a resolution reaffirming the US
commitment to Taiwan and the Taiwan Assurance Act of 2019 earlier this month.

Wang noted that China has expressed its firm opposition to the US recent
negative remarks and actions related to Taiwan.

Contact the writers at wangqingyun@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/20/2019 page1)

                             201 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 20, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Greater policy aid to cushion trade impact

BYLINE: Chen Jia

BODY:

When trade tensions escalated between China and the United States, policymakers
turned back to macroeconomic policies to defend against negative impacts on
economic growth, especially with regard to fiscal policy.

Finance minister pledges proactive fiscal measures to assist industries

When trade tensions escalated between China and the United States, policymakers
turned back to macroeconomic policies to defend against negative impacts on
economic growth, especially with regard to fiscal policy.

Trade tariffs are no longer the only catalyst of intensifying China-US economic
friction. Last week, the United States said it would add Chinese
telecommunications giant Huawei and its 70 affiliates to an Entity List, which
would bar them from buying components from US companies without prior US
government approval. The move has raised concerns of an enduring confrontation,
and analysts worry it could damage Huawei's business.

Such considerations have hardened the Chinese government's determination to
strengthen financial support for manufacturing and foster the development of
advanced technology. A recent statement from Finance Minister Liu Kun laid out
fiscal policy's large potential to assist industrial upgrading.

To elevate China's position in the global supply chain and upgrade the
manufacturing value chain, the government will "lead capital and resources
moving into the strategically crucial areas, and achieve a breakthrough in key
innovation," Liu said in an article published on Thursday.

Proactive fiscal policy, achieved through stronger government spending, aims to
develop technology in the manufacturing sector and tackle key technical problems
based on research in producing high-end goods, he wrote in Qiushi, one of
China's most influential periodicals.

The finance minister's idea favors employing a more aggressive expansionary
fiscal policy to catalyze key technological development and innovation in
manufacturing, at a time when the US would block Chinese manufacturers in the
high-end fields, analysts said.

A senior official from the Finance Ministry's Budget Department, told China
Daily that from 2018 to 2022, the central government will spend 10 billion yuan
($1.45 billion) to support 200 special development areas converging in high-tech
and innovative companies.

In those five years, the central government will also provide 3 billion yuan
annually to support financing assurances for small and private companies, he
said.

The government will purchase more high-end manufactured products as a central
part of its procurement policy, said Wang Zecai, a researcher at the Chinese
Academy of Fiscal Sciences, a Finance Ministry think tank.

Further value-added tax cuts for manufacturers are being discussed, although the
VAT rate for manufacturers has been lowered by 3 percentage points to 13 percent
from April, and that reduction can lower producers' costs with growing
difficulties in exports, according to Wang.

Sheng Songcheng, a former director of the Financial Survey and Statistics
Department of People's Bank of China, the central bank, said that further tax
cuts are more feasible and possible, compared with continued easing of the
monetary policy.

He compared the situations in China and the US, saying Chinese companies'
overall tax burden is still 13.3 percentage points higher than that of companies
in the US.

On Friday, a quarterly report from the People's Bank of China confirmed that
China will maintain a prudent monetary policy. The report verified authorities'
concerns that further monetary easing would spur a massive increase in new debt,
after the rethinking of the first quarter's macroeconomic policy driven by
high-speed credit growth.

China is currently adopting a prudent monetary policy which is expected to
stimulate demand without creating price bubbles, especially in the property and
financial sectors.

Chinese economists said government spending in key areas should be reinforced,
as a major stabilizing tool to fight the tariff challenges, and that this
requires a more dramatic redistribution of roles from monetary to fiscal policy.

The central government spent 7.6 trillion yuan in the first four months of the
year, a 15.2 percent year-on-year increase, according to the Finance Ministry.
Expenditures in technology research and development rose by 38.5 percent, the
fastest growth of expenditure items.

To supplement the financing gap, local governments issued a record-high 1.63
trillion yuan in bonds in the first four months, and total local government
outstanding debt reached 19.68 trillion yuan, according to the Finance Ministry.

chenjia@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/20/2019 page3)


                             202 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 20, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Development zone lands investment at expo

BYLINE: Yuan Shenggao

BODY:

Companies show great confidence in high-tech industry projects in economic
engine of Xi'an

Xi'an Hi-Tech Industries Development Zone, a major economic, industrial and
human resources cluster in Xi'an, capital of Northwest China's Shaanxi province,
attracted 140.9 billion yuan ($20.48 billion) in investment at the Fourth Silk
Road International Exposition, and the Investment and Trade Forum for
Cooperation between East and West China held earlier this month, showing the
great confidence investors have in the area.

The investment will go toward 41 projects covering electronic information
systems, advanced manufacturing, biological medicine, headquarters economy,
urban support facilities and financial services, with many big companies aiming
to establish a presence in the zone.

Chinese tech giant Huawei will cooperate with the zone focusing on the
development of smart cities and new healthcare technologies. China Telecom, the
country's major telecoms operator, will invest 3 billion yuan in the zone to
develop automated driving technologies, remote education, industrial internet
and smart transportation using 5G networks.

State-owned enterprises, such as China Communications Construction, China State
Construction and COFCO, have pledged to build headquarters in the zone. Retail
chain giant Joy City plans to build a new shopping mall complex, with an
investment of 10 to 15 billion yuan. Xi'an International Medical Investment has
chosen the zone for its research into the prevention, treatment and teaching of
age-related diseases.

Chinese leading e-commerce company Alibaba Group plans to build offline stores
in schools in the zone. Property operator Bluetown has invested 8 billion yuan
in constructing an ecological town there.

An investment fund was set up for the zone by Xi'an Financial Holdings and
Shaanxi Culture Industry Investment Group to back Chinese cultural companies to
go global.

Xi'an, an ancient city once functioning as capital during the reign of 13
imperial dynasties, is transforming itself into a fashionable and modern
metropolis. As a major transport hub on the ancient Silk Road, today the city is
developing an open economy to link its resources to the outside world and make
contributions toward the goals of the Belt and Road Initiative.

As a major economic engine of Xi'an, the high-tech zone is home to 98 percent of
all Fortune Global 500 companies in the city. GDP growth in the zone was 13
percent from January to March, 4.4 percentage points higher than Xi'an as a
whole. In the first quarter alone, the zone attracted $867 million in
investment.

With some 120,000 companies operating in the zone, its three pillar industries
are electronic information systems, such as semiconductors and software, modern
manufacturing, including new energy vehicles and biomedicine, and modern
services in finance and creative culture.

A total of 115 Fortune Global 500 companies, such as Samsung, Siemens,
Honeywell, Intel, IBM and GE have settled in the zone, together with 2,000
foreign-invested companies, 1,926 high-tech enterprises and 145 publicly listed
companies.

The annual Silk Road International Exposition is a platform for countries and
regions involved in the BRI to promote trade, culture and people-to-people
exchanges. This year, the event attracted people from more than 40 countries and
regions, such as the United States, United Kingdom, France, Japan, Russia,
Australia and Germany.

The high-tech zone amazed attendees at the event with its many products, such as
smart parking lot systems, big data analysis and management platform for health,
high-speed laser cladding devices and iris identity recognition, as well as
achievements made in creative culture and other sectors.

The exposition is also known for its efforts in pioneering a new and innovative
business environment in western China.

Li Jun, executive director of real estate company Greentown China Holdings, said
the zone is the most economically advanced area with a solid industrial base in
Shaanxi province.

Xu Guanghong, deputy general manager of Zhejiang Wenchuang Group, said the zone
provides an efficient and friendly environment for companies through its
policies and services.

Xue Lei, general manager of Xi'an Bright Laser Technologies, a provider of
integrated solutions for metal additive manufacturing, said it took the company
only a week to be granted permission for land use in the zone.

The zone even helped clear up construction waste near the land within three
days.

"When we ran into any problem, the officials would work into the middle of the
night to deal with it. It conforms to their promise to never leave a problem for
the next day," he said.

He added the zone is changing every month, with newly resurfaced roads and
improved infrastructure.

"These changes show the vitality and power of regional development," Xue said,
adding he is confident about the future of the zone.

Charles Fischer, president of Henry Fischer Group, said the ideal investment
environment, dynamic economic development, preferential policies for investors
and optimized processes aimed at helping products reach the market, gave him
much confidence in the zone.

The company and Xi'an Groke Corp are building a Sino-Italian fashion town and
Fischer European City, to introduce new culture, fashion, tourism and other
industrial resources to Xi'an.

Company representatives and government officials sign agreements at the Fourth
Silk Road International Exposition, and the Investment and Trade Forum for
Cooperation between East and West China held in Xi'an, capital of Northwest
China's Shaanxi province in May. The event attracted up to 140.9 billion yuan of
investment to the Xi'an Hi-Tech Industries Development Zone.Photos Provided To
China Daily

(China Daily 05/20/2019 page12)


                             203 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 18, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Advanced tech will improve flight safety

BYLINE: Wang Xiaoyu

BODY:

China will expand the use of new information technologies in the civil aviation
sector to improve air travel safety and boost industrial development, according
to the national civil aviation authority.

Use of artificial intelligence and big data can assist coordination and analysis

China will expand the use of new information technologies in the civil aviation
sector to improve air travel safety and boost industrial development, according
to the national civil aviation authority.

The Civil Aviation Administration of China signed cooperation agreements with
the Chinese Academy of Sciences and telecommunications giant Huawei this week.

Through such collaboration, researchers at the CAS will help the CAAC seek
integration into the aviation sector of advanced information technology such as
artificial intelligence, big data and cloud computing, and provide comprehensive
analysis of key information, Gao Hongjun, deputy secretary-general of the
academy, said on Thursday.

The agreement was signed on Tuesday.

Huawei, a leading Chinese manufacturer of telecom equipment, struck a
cooperation deal with the CAAC on Wednesday, which covers a wide range of
services and infrastructure projects, from security maintenance and management
of airlines, to drone applications and internet access during flight.

"Such innovative tools are expected to lift the safety level of the aviation
industry to a record high," Feng Zhenglin, head of the CAAC, said during the
2019 China Civil Aviation Development Forum held in Beijing, which concluded on
Friday.

Feng said the global rate of fatal incidents has peaked at around 0.3 to 0.5 per
million flights in recent years.

"The number of flights is set to rise further. If no substantial progress in
ensuring safe air travel can be achieved, risks associated with flying will
continue to climb," Feng said.

He said emerging technologies that excel in precision, forecasting and
coordination will equip civil aviation workers with sharper capability to make
predictions on flight operations and allow round-the-clock monitoring and
management of aircraft.

Safety is the core principle of transportation, according to Guo Ping, rotating
chairman of Huawei. He said artificial intelligence, and facial recognition in
particular, is capable of offering maximum convenience for flight passengers
while securing the safety of a passenger's journey from check-in to boarding.

"By setting up facial recognition devices at the airport, travelers will go
though rounds of security screening with minimal, if any, noticeable
disruption," he said. "It is estimated that about 50 percent of all airports in
China will use facial recognition at all points of contact by 2021."

As of August, about 70 airports out of a total of 218 in China had rolled out
facial recognition systems at more than 600 security checkpoints. The system was
developed by Chongqing Institute of Green and Intelligent Technology of the CAS,
Xinhua News Agency reported.

Guo also noted that 5G wireless technology, embraced worldwide for its ultrahigh
bandwidth and rapid data transfer, will play a key role in improving
administration of the surging volumes of equipment, assets and vehicles -
driverless cars included - at airlines hubs, Guo said.

For instance, he said, by implementing an artificial intelligence model that
optimizes gate assignments at the Shenzhen International Airport, an average 4
million passengers each year are spared the hassle of riding a shuttle bus to
get aboard.

As the wave of building intelligent aviation sweeps across the globe,
authorities at home and abroad also called for nurturing more talent in the
field of smart civil aviation to meet rising demand.

wangxiaoyu@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/18/2019 page2)


                             204 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 18, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Tech giants set sights on Africa

BYLINE: Lucie Morangi in Nairobi, Kenya

BODY:

Microsoft Corporation has become the latest company joining the rush to tap into
the software engineering talent in Africa. The tech giant has announced plans to
spend $100 million on a development center with offices in Kenya and Nigeria.

Two offices of the Africa Development Center will be located in Nairobi and
Lagos. The center will hire 100 full-time developers who will work on artificial
intelligence, machine learning and mixed reality innovation, according to a
statement from the company. This number will increase to 500 across the two
sites over the first five years of operation.

The US company is keen to partner with local universities to create a modern,
intelligent edge and cloud curriculum. Graduates will have access to resources
provided by the center.

"Our desire is to recruit exceptional engineering talent across the continent
that will build innovative solutions for global impact. This also creates
opportunities for engineers to do meaningful work from their home countries and
be plugged into a global engineering and development organization," said Michael
Fortin, the corporate vice-president of Microsoft.

The company currently has two data centers in South Africa.

Meanwhile, Amazon.com Inc, US technology company and world's largest online
retailer, has announced plans to set up its first data center in Cape Town,
South Africa, next year, while Chinese global tech company, Huawei, plans to set
up two cloud data centers in Johannesburg and Cape Town, also in South Africa.

It is an upside for the continent, said Salesio Kiura, director of School of
Computing and Information Technologies at the Technical University of Kenya.

"The local engineering talent is going to coalesce in these centers and access
cutting edge technologies that would push its competitiveness to global levels,"
he said.

Despite the skills mismatch in Africa, he said the information technology
landscape has been able to match global levels, and the talent pool is slowly
matching the ecosystem in India. This follows increased collaboration between
the academia and industry players such as Huawei through its academy.

"Most of these graduates have been absorbed by Huawei and other tech
contractors."

lucymorangi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/18/2019 page7)


                             205 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 18, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Insiders: 5G may be rolled out in near future

BYLINE: Ma Si and Cheng Yu in Beijing and He Shusi in Hong Kong

BODY:

China may grant official 5G licenses, instead of the interim licenses previously
planned, to telecom carriers this year and is likely to start commercial use of
the superfast wireless technology nationwide in the near future, possibly as
soon as October, according to people familiar with the matter.

"Telecom carriers, chipmakers and smartphone vendors in China are ready to
commercialize 5G. China will directly grant 5G licenses, instead of the previous
plan to give several key cities interim 5G licenses, to better time the
rollout," said a source closed to the telecom industry regulator who asked to
remain anonymous because public statements are not authorized.

Michael Gao Wenhao, deputy general manager of the 5G industrial products line at
ZTE, disclosed at a 5G conference in Hong Kong on Thursday that "China is likely
to start commercial use of 5G nationwide on Oct 1".

He told China Daily that he got the information from the country's major telecom
operators.

China said earlier that it was considering a pre-commercial launch of 5G this
year, followed by large-scale commercialization in 2020. Miao Wei, minister of
industry and information technology, had confirmed at the Boao Forum for Asia,
that China will grant 5G licenses this year, but didn't disclose a specific
date.

"5G, industrial internet and the internet of vehicles are among the country's
top development priorities in the telecommunications industry," Zhang Feng,
chief engineer of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, said on
Friday during the World Telecommunication and Information Society Day.

Zhang called for accelerated efforts to set standards in key areas, including
5G, to expedite the commercialization of this forefront technology and bolster
the nation's core competitiveness.

Major Chinese smartphone maker Huawei Technologies Co has already unveiled its
first 5G chip and first 5G foldable smartphone, the Mate X, which is expected to
hit the market in June, despite challenges involving the United States.

Also on Friday, shortly after the US said it would ban Huawei from buying US
technology without special approval, Huawei's chipmaking arm, HiSilicon, said it
has long been prepared for the "extreme scenario" of the US blocking access to
some components and technologies.

"We have been developing backup products for years in anticipation.... Such
efforts can ensure the strategic safety of most of the company's products and a
continuous supply of most products," said HiSilicon President He Tingbo in an
internal letter.

Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said at a news conference on Friday that the
development and utilization of 5G depends on global cooperation, and
interference by the US undermines the principle of fair competition and shows a
lack of respect for other countries.

HiSilicon, which was founded in 2004, has designed chipsets like Kirin, which
has been used in Huawei's high-end smartphones. In addition to server chips, the
company has also developed chips for base stations, basebands and chipsets
powered by artificial intelligence.

"From chips to its self-developed operating system, Huawei has long been
preparing for independent research and development in core technologies. It has
the ability to adjust to changes in the global market," said Xiang Ligang,
director-general of the Information Consumption Alliance.

Huawei has also made preparations with core chipsets. Existing stocks are
thought to provide the company with a buffer of six months to a year, he said.

Contact the writers at chengyu@chinadaily.com.cn

Wang Qingyun contributed to this story.

(China Daily 05/18/2019 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/57/155814050953.jpg

a41f726b05111e498c9308.jpg


                             206 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 18, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Tech giants set sights on Africa

BYLINE: Lucie Morangi in Nairobi, Kenya

BODY:

Microsoft Corporation has become the latest company joining the rush to tap into
the software engineering talent in Africa. The tech giant has announced plans to
spend $100 million on a development center with offices in Kenya and Nigeria.

Two offices of the Africa Development Center will be located in Nairobi and
Lagos. The center will hire 100 full-time developers who will work on artificial
intelligence, machine learning and mixed reality innovation, according to a
statement from the company. This number will increase to 500 across the two
sites over the first five years of operation.

The US company is keen to partner with local universities to create a modern,
intelligent edge and cloud curriculum. Graduates will have access to resources
provided by the center.

"Our desire is to recruit exceptional engineering talent across the continent
that will build innovative solutions for global impact. This also creates
opportunities for engineers to do meaningful work from their home countries and
be plugged into a global engineering and development organization," said Michael
Fortin, the corporate vice-president of Microsoft.

The company currently has two data centers in South Africa.

Meanwhile, Amazon.com Inc, US technology company and world's largest online
retailer, has announced plans to set up its first data center in Cape Town,
South Africa, next year, while Chinese global tech company, Huawei, plans to set
up two cloud data centers in Johannesburg and Cape Town, also in South Africa.

It is an upside for the continent, said Salesio Kiura, director of School of
Computing and Information Technologies at the Technical University of Kenya.

"The local engineering talent is going to coalesce in these centers and access
cutting edge technologies that would push its competitiveness to global levels,"
he said.

Despite the skills mismatch in Africa, he said the information technology
landscape has been able to match global levels, and the talent pool is slowly
matching the ecosystem in India. This follows increased collaboration between
the academia and industry players such as Huawei through its academy.

"Most of these graduates have been absorbed by Huawei and other tech
contractors."

lucymorangi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/18/2019 page7)


                             207 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 17, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Washington really has it in for Huawei

BODY:

US President Donald Trump issued an executive order on Wednesday in which he
declared a national economic emergency and banned the technology and services of
"foreign adversaries" deemed to pose "unacceptable risks" to US national
security.

The US intention is so obvious that media outlets around the world have without
exception interpreted this as targeting Huawei, by excluding the Chinese
telecommunications giant from US networks.

Washington has repeatedly claimed that Huawei's equipment poses a security
threat, but for all the sound and fury, it signifies nothing, as it has never
produced any credible evidence, indeed any evidence at all.

Its use of state power to throttle the development of a foreign company not only
jeopardizes fairness and justice in world trade, it also poses a tangible threat
to the security of 5G networks.

As Huawei said in a statement, "If the US restricts Huawei, it will not make the
US safer, nor will it make the US stronger. It will only force the US to use
inferior and expensive alternative equipment."

Inferior equipment that might be exploited by criminals and terrorists.

That the order is politically motivated rather than for security purposes can be
seen from the fact that it is merely the latest in a series of moves by
Washington targeting Huawei - one of which was particularly despicable.

It has also tried to rally its allies to its cause, most recently at a
conference in Prague on May 2-3. But it has been unable to persuade them that it
is not simply being malicious in pursuit of putting America first.

Huawei has said that it is willing to sign a "no-spy" agreement with countries
that commit to its equipment. And this may point to a reasonable solution as it
offers a way out for international partners in the West, which have been caught
in the middle of the US-waged campaign against Huawei, to cooperate with the
Chinese company.

The security of 5G networks is a technical issue, and it should be addressed as
such. Security principles should be based on verifiable facts and technical data
rather than ideology or a vendor's country of origin.

However, judging by its ill treatment of Huawei since last year, the US will
continue with its persecution and has no intention of changing its ways.

The victimization of Huawei shows the world's largest economy no longer wants to
uphold the core values that govern free trade and fair market competition. And
it is willing to use its superpower status, so that, by hook or by crook, it can
obstruct competitors that might challenge its competitive edge in science and
technology.

(China Daily 05/17/2019 page8)


                             208 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 17, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: US urged to ensure lawful rights of firms

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

The Ministry of Commerce urged the United States on Thursday to stop abusing the
concept of national security and export control measures, and it promised that
China will take all necessary measures to resolutely safeguard the legitimate
rights of Chinese enterprises.

Beijing criticizes moves as abuses of security concept, export controls

The Ministry of Commerce urged the United States on Thursday to stop abusing the
concept of national security and export control measures, and it promised that
China will take all necessary measures to resolutely safeguard the legitimate
rights of Chinese enterprises.

The comments came after US President Donald Trump signed an executive order on
Wednesday that is expected to restrict Huawei from selling its products in the
US. Separately, on the same day, the US Commerce Department said it would be
adding Huawei and its 70 affiliates to an Entity List, which will ban the
company from buying parts and components of US companies without prior
government approval.

Gao Feng, spokesman for the Ministry of Commerce, said at a briefing that the
concept of national security "should not be used as a tool for trade
protectionism".

"China strongly opposes other countries imposing unilateral sanctions on Chinese
entities," Gao said.

He called on the US to stop its wrongful behavior and make more efforts to
create conditions for normal international trade cooperation.

Huawei has been increasing its 5G commercial contracts worldwide, with more
countries giving the company a vote of confidence. But it is facing security
allegations from the US, which Huawei has said are unfounded.

Huawei said in a statement on Thursday that restricting the company from doing
business in the US will not make the US more secure or stronger. "Instead, this
will only serve to limit the US to inferior, yet more expensive alternatives,
leaving it lagging behind in 5G deployment and eventually harming the interests
of US companies and consumers."

The company said it is ready and willing to engage with the US government to
come up with effective measures to ensure product security.

In response to the ban on Huawei buying parts from US companies, the company
said such a decision will "do significant economic harm to the US companies with
which Huawei does business, affect tens of thousands of US jobs and disrupt the
current collaboration and mutual trust that exist in the global supply chain".

Wang Peng, deputy head of the China Center for Information Industry Development,
said the new US moves will disrupt the whole global electronics industry and
hurt a string of US companies that supply chips and other components to Huawei.

Huawei has more than 13,000 component and service suppliers worldwide. In
November, it unveiled a list of its 92 core suppliers for the first time.
Thirty-three of them are from the US, including chip giants Qualcomm Inc and
Intel Corp.

Wang Yanhui, secretary-general of the Mobile China Alliance, said, "Huawei has
also been preparing for such a situation for some time and has hoarded chips to
handle a worst-case scenario."

The company became the world's third-largest buyer of semiconductors last year.

China will definitely safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of its
businesses, and Trump's executive order is not a "constructive and friendly"
gesture, Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said on Thursday.

Asked whether China will retaliate by targeting certain US companies, Lu said
that as for foreign enterprises operating in China, there is no need for them to
worry as long as their businesses are law-abiding.

Zhou Jin contributed to this story.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/17/2019 page1)


                             209 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 16, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Cinematic vision

BYLINE: Xu Fan

BODY:

Asura, one of the most expensive films ever made in China, has returned to
screens on the Smart Cinema platform, the country's first movie-streaming app
licensed to release new films.

A mobile video platform offering new movie releases launched by the country's
top regulator aims to reach a billion Chinese fans globally, Xu Fan reports.

Asura, one of the most expensive films ever made in China, has returned to
screens on the Smart Cinema platform, the country's first movie-streaming app
licensed to release new films.

Produced on a budget of 750 million yuan ($113 million) and with an
international crew from 35 countries, the fantasy epic was pulled from cinemas
just two days after it opened last year following a tepid response.

Asura reappeared on the Smart Cinema app from May 9, drawing in around 1,000
viewers for its opening screening.

A still image of Asura, an epic that returned to screens via the movie-streaming
app Smart Cinema on May 9. Photos Provided to China Daily

The movie was released on a 3D mobile format, which allows viewers to watch the
movie wherever they want via a virtual reality headset.

Alongside Asura, four other first-run films - Hello, Beijing; An Old Woman and
the Betelnut; Beyond Belief; and Peppermint - also premiered on Smart Cinema on
the same night.

The first of its kind, Smart Cinema is a pilot project initiated by the China
Film Administration - the country's top movie regulator - and has been in
operation for a year.

Unlike other streaming sites which release films after their first-run
screenings end in theaters, Smart Cinema is designed to be a pocket cinema. The
app releases first-run films simultaneously with movie releases, limiting users
to one ticket per view at a usual cost of 25 yuan.

The app also launched an updated 2.0 version on May 9, offering a richer visual
experience more akin to sitting in an actual theater. During some special
screenings, audience members can communicate with the creators of the film they
are watching to gain a better understanding of its backdrop.

Following its forays into Italy and Spain last year, the venture has signed a
new cooperation deal with China's largest phone manufacturer Huawei to expand
the online movie release business into Latin America, the Middle East, North
Africa and Europe.

Smart Cinema has also established a joint venture with Well Go USA
Entertainment, a US theatrical and home entertainment distributor, to expand the
release of Chinese films in the North American market.

For Jack Gao, founding partner and CEO of Smart Cinema, going global has
realized his long held dream of offering more options to overseas Chinese to
watch movies from their homeland.

"When I was working in the United States, I noticed that many Chinese people
wanted to watch blockbusters from back home, but rarely had the chance due to
the limited screen time made available in the Hollywood-dominated distribution
system," says Gao.

"We plan to spend five years enhancing the export of Chinese films and expand
overseas distribution for the 60 million Chinese people living outside the
country," he adds.

All the films streamed through Smart Cinema in outbound markets are released in
two versions, one in the original Chinese version and a local version with the
subtitles translated into the host country's language.

"Smart Cinema is an extension of the current Chinese film distribution system,"
says Gao.

Last year, only one third of the 1,082 films which received permits for
nationwide release were screened in cinemas.

For most art house titles or low-budget films, it has been an ongoing struggle
to make it to the big screen, since cinema operators still prefer to show
big-budget commercial blockbusters.

Gao says this situation limits the options for audiences, despite the rising
demand for more diverse content from Chinese moviegoers.

Although urban cinemas have more than 60,000 screens across the country, it's
still difficult to watch a film in a theater in China's most far-flung regions.

As of April 2019, among the 2,876 county-level administrative regions in China,
880 only had one cinema, 151 had no cinemas at all, and more than 70 percent of
the country's population had never had the experience of entering a physical
cinema, according to Gao.

"I was impressed to read a report that suggested that most Tibetans own a
smartphone," he says.

Earlier this year, when the movie Kelsang Metok was streamed via the Smart
Cinema app in Markam county, Southwest China's Tibet autonomous region, it made
a splash among locals.

Yet it is unlikely that the new venture will prompt audiences back to the cinema
given the unprecedented expansion of mobile internet, and Gao predicts that
Smart Cinema will reach 1 billion smartphone customers within the space of five
years.

Contact the writer at xufan@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/16/2019 page18)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/24/155796773063.jpg

a41f726719b21e46e86a1a.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/45/155796773101.jpg

a41f726719b21e46e87c1b.jpg


                             210 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 16, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Huawei eyes edge from software push

BYLINE: Cheng Yu

BODY:

Huawei Technologies Co on Wednesday launched an artificial intelligence-powered
database to improve its cloud services as the technology giant continued to make
huge software investments amid rising global cybersecurity concerns.

Firm launches AI-powered database GaussDB for improved cloud services

Huawei Technologies Co on Wednesday launched an artificial intelligence-powered
database to improve its cloud services as the technology giant continued to make
huge software investments amid rising global cybersecurity concerns.

The company said its database, GaussDB, is the world's first AI-native database
and it can boost the overall performance by over 60 percent compared with
traditional products in the same field. It can work on both private and public
cloud platforms to offer data services in sectors like finance, automobiles and
logistics.

"Huawei offers not only hardware products but also software, as we believe that
the latter is our core competitiveness in the information and communication
technology field," said Wang Tao, Huawei's executive director and president of
ICT Strategy& Marketing.

Attendees visit the Huawei booth at the Second Digital China Summit& Exhibition
in Fuzhou, capital of Fujian province, on May 6. Zhu Xingxin / China Daily

Citing that 70 percent of its 90,000 research and development staff are doing
related software work, Wang said that the firm aims to "empower more companies
and industries to accelerate intelligent transformation through data
infrastructure deployment".

Analysts pointed out that Huawei's new software push will boost its
enterprise-level businesses like cloud computing and further supplement the
fast-growing telecom business, which accounted for 40.8 percent of its total
revenue last year.

"Huawei has been striving to expand its business scope to better adjust to the
global market changes and investing a lot on core technologies to bolster its
core competitiveness and gain an edge globally," said Xiang Ligang,
director-general of the Information Consumption Alliance.

The move comes close on the heels of Huawei Chairman Liang Hua's statement that
the company was willing to sign agreements with governments to ensure that there
were no "back doors" in its equipment.

Speaking at a conference in London, Liang said that Huawei was willing to sign
"no-spying" agreements with governments, including the UK government, to
reiterate its commitment of making equipment that have no backdoors.

"Huawei's stance demonstrates its commitment to strengthen network security and
facilitate global collaboration," said Charlie Dai, principal analyst at global
market consultancy Forrester.

"Political and economic friction between nations is a long-term factor that
negatively impacts the global economy, and hence not good for customers in all
countries," he said.

At the product launch event on Wednesday, Wang reiterated that Huawei "does not
own any data," but only provides technologies that support data processing and
transmission.

Cybersecurity challenges are not exclusive to any single company or country and
any behavior to label a company or a country with such allegations is not
rational, he said.

"Changes in any single country will only have a minor influence on Huawei's
global business," he said.

In the first quarter of this year, the Shenzhen-based company posted revenue of
179.7 billion yuan ($26.8 billion), up 39 percent on a yearly basis.

chengyu@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/16/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/9/155796773662.jpg

a41f726719b21e46e65905.jpg


                             211 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 16, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Huawei offers to sign 'no-spy' pacts

BYLINE: Wang Mingjie in London

BODY:

Chinese telecommunications giant Huawei is willing to sign no-spying agreements
with governments, including the United Kingdom's, according to the company's
chairman. He made the offer after concerns were raised that the company's
equipment could be used for surveillance.

Speaking on a visit to London, Liang Hua said: "We are willing to sign no-spy
agreements with governments, including the UK government, to commit ourselves to
making our equipment meet the no-spy, no-backdoors standard."

Huawei is a global leader in information and communications technology
solutions. Some governments, though, have expressed concern about the company's
involvement in their 5G networks over fears that it could install spyware and
act on behalf of China's government. Huawei has repeatedly denied such claims.

The United States has been actively pressuring other countries not to use
Huawei's 5G networks and has called the technology "untrustworthy". And Reuters
news agency has reported that US President Donald Trump will sign an executive
order this week to prohibit US companies from using telecommunications equipment
made by the company.

Speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today program, Tim Watkins, Huawei's vice-president
for western Europe, said: "Our founder, Mr Ren (Zhengfei), has made it clear
that he has never been asked to hand over any customer data or information and
he has made it clear that, if asked, he would refuse and, if it was attempted to
be enforced, he would shut the company down."

A limited role

The British government is due to reveal in a review of the country's
telecommunications infrastructure whether it plans to allow Huawei to
participate in the building of the United Kingdom's 5G network.

Early this month, leaked information from a meeting of the UK's National
Security Council indicated the British government plans to allow Huawei to have
a limited role in building the country's 5G network.

Shortly after the story was leaked, Prime Minister Theresa May sacked Defense
Secretary Gavin Williamson for allegedly leaking the information, a charge
Williamson strongly denied.

On Tuesday, Vodafone announced it will go live in the UK with its 5G network,
relying on Huawei, in part, to provide the service.

An independent study by the global advisory company Oxford Economics shows
Huawei supports more than 26,000 UK jobs, either directly or through its supply
chain.

The report shows the company stimulated a 1.7-billion-pound ($2.19 billion)
contribution to the UK's GDP in 2018.

And it invested 112 million pounds last year in the UK on research and
development, also employing more than 300 researchers in the UK. In addition, it
collaborated with 35 universities and research institutes, according to the
report.

The independent study was unveiled at Huawei's 2019 UK Partner Summit.

Jerry Wang, Huawei UK CEO, said the "findings prove Huawei's value and
contribution to the UK economy".

wangmingjie@mail.chinadailyuk.com

(China Daily 05/16/2019 page12)


                             212 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 15, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Lenovo takes the foldable plunge with prototype debut in Florida

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Chinese technology major Lenovo Group Ltd gave a preview and demo of the world's
first foldable personal computer as part of its broader push to keep innovating
on products in an atmosphere of fierce competition.

Firm expects big demand from mobile, tech savvy users for new product

Chinese technology major Lenovo Group Ltd gave a preview and demo of the world's
first foldable personal computer as part of its broader push to keep innovating
on products in an atmosphere of fierce competition.

The new PC was unveiled in a conference in Orlando, Florida, and comes with a
foldable 13.3-inch touch screen display and a keyboard attachment. The display
was made in collaboration with South Korean company LG and can be folded in half
and held as a book. In "half screen" mode, consumers are left with a 9.6-inch
display.

The foldable PC is still a prototype and does not yet have a firm release date
or pricing, but Lenovo said the device will join the company's premium ThinkPad
X1 family, pledging that portability will not compromise productivity and
reliability.

Lenovo has been developing the PC for three years and it is designed to meet the
demand of highly mobile, tech-savvy professionals who want a large comfortable
screen even on the go, the company said in a statement. The device comes with an
Intel processor and a Windows operating system, which can help users deal with
office and creative work.

According to a report by GlobalWorkplaceAnalytics.com, remote work increased 140
percent from 2008 to 2016, with an increasing number of employees taking
time-sensitive, media-intensive projects with them everywhere.

Lenovo's foldable PC came after a string of Chinese companies unveiled
large-screen devices that can be bent and rolled to function both as a
smartphone and a tablet. Huawei launched its first 5G foldable smartphone in
February and the model is scheduled to hit the market in June. Royole Corp, a
Chinese manufacturer of flexible displays, also released a foldable smartphone
in November.

Fu Liang, an independent analyst who has been following the consumer electronics
industry for a decade, said 2019 will be the first year of commercial foldable
smartphones, but it will take longer for foldable computers to hit the market.

"The bigger the foldable display, the more difficult it is to lower defect
rates," Fu said, adding "though the entire industry is looking forward to
something exciting enough to fuel consumers' interests to upgrade their PCs,
more progress is needed in manufacturing techniques and display structures."

World PC shipments declined 4.6 percent year-on-year in the first quarter of
2019 to 58.5 million units, but Lenovo posted 6.9 percent growth during the same
time frame compared with a year ago, shipping 13.2 million units, according to
data from market research company Gartner Inc.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

Christian Teismann, a senior executive at Lenovo, demonstrates the prototype of
the ThinkPad X1 during the Accelerate conference in Orlando, Florida, the United
States. Provided to China Daily

(China Daily 05/15/2019 page17)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/81/155788125842.jpg

a41f726719b21e459b1214.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/59/155788125872.jpg

a41f726719b21e459b1815.jpg


                             213 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 13, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Greater Bay Area shows power of urban clusters

BYLINE: Andrew Sheng and Xiao Geng

BODY:

In February, the State Council, China's Cabinet, unveiled guidelines for
developing the Greater Bay Area, covering nine cities in the Pearl River Delta
region in Guangdong province plus the Hong Kong and Macao special administrative
regions. Which shows that, while the rest of the world remains mired in a
seemingly interminable debate over how to achieve inclusive and sustainable
growth, China is working to deliver it.

According to China's long-term development strategy, the central government
remains responsible for overall stability and national security. Against this
background, lower-level governments, State-owned enterprises, and the private
sector (including foreign companies) should compete to generate new ideas and
establish best practices that can be applied more broadly.

In 2010, China identified three major urban clusters that would lead this
process: the Pearl River Delta region (which later expanded to the GBA), the
Yangtze River Delta region centered on Shanghai, and the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei
cluster. Together, these regions are home to 300 million people, cover 400,000
square kilometers, and contribute $4.8 trillion, or more than 35 percent, to
China's total GDP.

Although it is the smallest of the three with 70 million people, the GBA
accounts for $1.5 trillion of China's GDP. Thanks to dynamic private companies,
some with foreign investors, and deep engagement in global trade, the GBA
(excluding Hong Kong and Macao) grew by 14 percent annually between 1980 and
2017. The GBA is a poster child for the benefits of China's market-oriented
reform and opening-up, and the constant experimentation and adaptation that have
shaped it.

At a time when climate change, geopolitical tensions, and disruptive
technologies are transforming global value chains and ways of life, such
experimentation and adaptation - for which cities and urban clusters have been
critical platforms - will remain vital to China's future. Indeed, it is the key
to developing and implementing more sustainable and inclusive economic models.

The effort to achieve a green, inclusive, and innovative future will play out on
three main fronts. First, dynamic companies - including established giants such
as Huawei and Tencent, as well as a host of emerging companies - will compete to
deliver more resource-efficient, consumer-oriented products and services.
World-class universities and research teams will also contribute to this
process.

Second, China will continue to make progress on social inclusion and stability,
through measures such as tax cuts and reduction of red tape for small companies,
increase of minimum wage, and improvements to social security, healthcare and
education. To this end, the central government has been working closely with
local authorities to transform them from rigid bureaucratic units into competing
providers of infrastructure and public services.

At the same time, some cities - such as those in the GBA - have adopted
stringent regulations on real estate speculation to curb rising property prices,
while expanding the availability of subsidized housing to low-income households
and young graduates. Such inclusive housing policies, together with rising real
incomes for most urban residents, not only bolster social stability, but also
help to counter rising income and wealth inequality.

And third, China will continue to ramp up efforts to create green cities. This
means reducing air and water pollution, including through the construction of
innovative vertical forests, while implementing and expanding urban
decarbonization projects.

According to Nature Sustainability magazine, China accounted for 25 percent of
the net global increase in green leaf areas in 2000-17 thanks to re-forestation
programs and improved land-use management. China is also a world leader in the
development of autonomous electric vehicles, an innovation that will be
facilitated by 5G wireless infrastructure.

Of course, the imperatives are not the same for all cities and urban clusters.
For the GBA, developments in Hong Kong will be particularly important. The city
already has strong advantages in the global knowledge economy. But that economy
is changing fast, including through digitalization. As a result, a bold and
forward-thinking reevaluation of Hong Kong's role will be required, with a view
to supporting more effectively both Hong Kong's and the Chinese mainland's
long-term development goals.

Specifically, Hong Kong faces short-term bottlenecks, both in terms of physical
space and the market, which need to be overcome by, for example, linking the
city's infrastructure (hard and soft) to that of the mainland. Fortunately, the
GBA region has already proved adept at removing "last-mile" delivery bottlenecks
in public services, from transportation to healthcare to education.

The Chinese Dream of national rejuvenation propounded by President Xi Jinping is
not, as some in the West seem to think, about world domination. After all,
market competition, innovation, and entrepreneurship do not have to be zero-sum
games. Instead, China has advanced a vision of inclusive, sustainable economic
growth that supports global peace and prosperity. And its leaders are doing what
it takes to translate that vision into reality.

Andrew Sheng is a distinguished fellow of the Asia Global Institute at the
University of Hong Kong and a member of the UNEP Advisory Council on Sustainable
Finance. And Xiao Geng, president of the Hong Kong Institution for International
Finance, is a professor and director of the Research Institute of Maritime
Silk-Road at Peking University HSBC Business School.

Project Syndicate

The views don't necessarily represent those of China Daily.

(China Daily 05/13/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/45/155770850280.jpg

00221917e13e1e42eef61a.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/93/155770850326.jpg

00221917e13e1e42eefc1b.jpg


                             214 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 13, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Industry execs express confidence in prospects

BYLINE: Li Fusheng

BODY:

Despite the downward spiral that has lingered for almost a year in China's
automotive market, executives from traditional carmakers and startups at a forum
on Friday expressed their confidence in the industry's long-term future.

Current downturn a shakeout that will make stronger players more resilient,
conference told

Despite the downward spiral that has lingered for almost a year in China's
automotive market, executives from traditional carmakers and startups at a forum
on Friday expressed their confidence in the industry's long-term future.

Statistics from the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers show that
vehicle sales in the first quarter totaled 6.37 million, down 11.3 percent
year-on-year. The downward trend started in July 2018 and has so far shown no
sign of recovery.

Ye Pei, vice-president of Chinese carmaker Changan, said a breakdown of the
figures reveals that the sales fell mainly in smaller cities in northern China,
while the demand did not contract in first- and second-tier cities.

"Does it mean that there was no demand in tier-three cities? Of course not. It
was because we carmakers did not meet their demand in a better way. I think
there is growth potential, huge potential," said Ye, at the annual China
Automotive Bluebook Forum organized by the Auto Business Review magazine.

His words were echoed by Jiang Zili, vice-president of BAIC Group.

Jiang said China's automotive industry has entered into a new era, characterized
by slower growth, increased competition and emergence of new technological
trends including new energy cars and connected vehicles.

"However, there will be room after two or three years' of adjustment in the
market, and vehicle sales in the country will exceed at least 30 million."

China's total vehicle sales stood at around 28 million last year and the figure
will remain at the same level this year, according to the China Association of
Automobile Manufacturers.

Jiang also urged carmakers to improve their competitiveness; he said
uncompetitive manufacturers may not survive the transition process over the next
two-three years.

After the reshuffle, though, he believes the industry will see an upward spiral,
which will present the opportunities for Chinese brands to stand out.

"Chinese companies must go upward if they want to see the long-term return after
going through the winter of the market," he said.

BAIC has unveiled its high-end electric vehicle brand Arcfox. Built based on the
carmaker's expertise over the past years and in collaboration with Magna, Huawei
and Daimler, the brand is aiming to meet the higher demands of Chinese
customers.

Several other Chinese carmakers including Geely, Great Wall Motor and Chery have
launched their high-end brands, as well, taking volume international brands
head-on.

Startups at the forum are convinced that new energy vehicles, which are growing
fast in popularity across China, have strong potential.

Fu Qiang, co-founder and president of Aiways, said despite the overall downward
trend in the markets, both in China and the United States, sales of new energy
vehicles are growing at a stunning speed.

A total of 299,000 electric vehicles and plug-in hybrids were sold in the first
quarter of the year, up almost 110 percent from the same period last year,
according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers.

The trend will continue for quite a long time to come, said Fu, who added that
Aiways' first model will roll off the assembly line later this year.

But that does not mean electric carmakers can succeed without making strenuous
efforts, industry leaders said.

As boundaries between different industries are blurring, changes in energy and
technology industries are now creating a whole batch of changes in the
automotive industry, said Nio Chairman William Li.

He said it might be easy to churn out vehicles to make quick money, but it takes
a lot more effort and resources if Chinese startups intend to pitch against
rivals globally.

Li said Nio had delivered more than 15,000 ES8 and ES6 SUVs by the end of March
at an average price of 500,000 yuan ($73,313). "Before us, no one had sold so
many cars at such a high price," Li said.

lifusheng@chinadaily.com.cn

Customers watch a Nio ES6 SUV at a dealership in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province.
Long Wei / For China Daily

(China Daily 05/13/2019 page19)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/54/155770851651.jpg

a41f726b05111e42f63919.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/17/155770851677.jpg

a41f726b05111e42f63e1a.jpg


                             215 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 10, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Photo

BODY:

Huawei Chief Financial Officer Meng Wanzhou leaves her house flanked by private
security in Vancouver, Canada, on Wednesday. Lindsey Wasson / Reuters

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/13/155744931913.jpg

a41f726719b21e3f042d0c.jpg



                             216 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 10, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Rising 'Red Scare' in Washington raises concern over Sino-US ties

BYLINE: Chen Weihua

BODY:

The outcry over a senior US State Department official's racist comment against
China last week is the latest proof of the growing "Red Scare" in Washington.

Kiron Skinner, the department's policy planning director, told a security forum
in Washington on April 29 that the competition with China is "a fight with a
really different civilization and a different ideology and the US hasn't had
that before". She added that "it's the first time that we will have a great
power competitor that is not Caucasian".

The comment was so shocking that even the usual critical China watchers in
Washington did not come out to defend her. Instead, many pointed out that her
remarks were way out of line.

Skinner's comment was laughable because it showed her lack of understanding of
long and rich Asian civilizations such as the Chinese civilization and Indian
civilization. She wouldn't have made such a colossal mistake had she taken
advantage of the rich resources in the Department of East Asian Languages and
Civilizations while studying and teaching at Harvard University.

Her comment suggests that Caucasians and Western civilization are superior to
Chinese and other races and civilizations. If this is not racism, what is? And
being an African-American does not exonerate her for making such racist comment.

Most Americans pride themselves as being part of a multi-cultural and
multi-racial society. But Skinner's remarks unfortunately show she lacks that
appreciation and sensitivity. That is probably why she was quickly reminded by
Anne-Marie Slaughter, CEO of New America Foundation who hosted the talk, that
the minorities would become the majority population in the US by 2050. Slaughter
served as a policy planning chief at the US State Department under the Barack
Obama administration.

Skinner's words are indicative of the growing "Red Scare" in Washington. They
range from spreading canards against Chinese foreign direct investment in the US
and the Confucius Institute to blocking visas to Chinese scholars, intimidating
countries which intend to include Chinese telecom giant Huawei in their 5G
networks and running propaganda videos defaming the China-proposed Belt and Road
Initiative. Washington now seems to be against anything and everything that is
Chinese.

The "Red Scare" is so bad that top US scholars on China are sounding the alarm.
Susan Shirk, a top China scholar and former deputy assistant secretary for East
Asian and Pacific affairs, warned a month ago that overreaction to the perceived
China threat in the US "could turn into a McCarthyite Red Scare", referring to
the "Second Red Scare" in the US in the 1940s and 1950s led by Republican
senator from Wisconsin Joseph McCarthy who accused many of subversion and/or
treason without proper regard for evidence.

Dennis Wilder, an assistant professor of practice at Georgetown University who
once held a senior position at the National Security Council and CIA on China
and Asia, too, expressed deep concern at the level of "Red Scare" in Washington.

In a talk at the Brookings Institution on April 22, Wilder sighed that his
students studying in China on US scholarships are now in a dilemma. They can't
get clearances when they want to join the US government after returning from
China. Wilder has talked with top level FBI and CIA officials about this, and
said he will keep talking about it.

Since there is too much at stake, from the consequential China-US relations to
global peace and development, we cannot afford to remain silent in the face of
such growing "Red Scare" in Washington.

Like Shirk and Wilder, more people should talk about stopping the "Red Scare"
from spreading further.

The author is chief of China Daily EU Bureau based in Brussels.

chenweihua@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/10/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/59/155744932598.jpg

a41f726719b21e3f086049.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/36/155744932631.jpg

a41f726719b21e3f08654a.jpg


                             217 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 10, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Canada urged to allow Meng's return

BYLINE: Zhou Jin

BODY:

Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang urged Canada on Thursday to immediately
release Huawei Chief Financial Officer Meng Wanzhou and the United States to
revoke the arrest warrant and extradition request for her.

Meng attended a court hearing in Vancouver on Wednesday at which her lawyers
claimed her detention is unlawful and that she intends to apply for a stay of
the extradition proceedings.

Her lawyers claimed that the comments by US President Donald Trump, who said the
charges could be dropped if that would help trade talks with China, showed the
case was politically motivated.

"It is a severe political incident," the spokesman said, and he urged Canada to
take China's position seriously and allow her to return to China.

Huawei Chief Financial Officer Meng Wanzhou leaves her house flanked by private
security in Vancouver, Canada, on Wednesday. Lindsey Wasson / Reuters

Geng said the US and Canada are abusing their bilateral extradition treaty and
are taking compulsory measures on a Chinese citizen without reason, abusing her
legitimate rights and interests.

Meng was arrested on Dec 1 at Vancouver airport at the request of the US on
fraud charges that are related to alleged violation of US sanctions on Iran. She
has been released on bail and faces possible extradition.

Meng and Huawei have repeatedly denied wrongdoing.

On Wednesday, Huawei said in a media statement that Meng's arrest, "ordered by
the US, was an unlawful abuse of process" - one guided by political
considerations and tactics, not by the rule of law.

Huawei expressed confidence in Meng's innocence.

The criminal case against Meng is based on allegations that are simply not true,
the statement said, adding that there is no evidence to prove that Meng
committed acts of deceit, dishonesty, or other fraudulent means.

The actions against Meng led to serious and repeated violations of her rights,
the statement said.

Her luggage was searched, her cellphone and other electronic devices were
seized, and she was compelled to reveal her passwords, according to the
statement.

Meng's arrest violated a core principle of the Canada-US extradition treaty and
Canada's extradition law, because the allegation she faces is not a crime in
Canada, the statement said.

Political factors at play during the extradition process may lead to a serious
violation of justice, and Meng's legitimate rights may also be harmed, it said.

"We have trust in the Canadian judicial process - and we look forward to seeing
Ms Meng's freedom restored," the statement added.

zhoujin@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/10/2019 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/81/155744933875.jpg

a41f726719b21e3f04810e.jpg


                             218 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 10, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: China beefs up efforts in ultra HD video sector

BYLINE: Qiu Quanlin in Guangzhou

BODY:

China will push forward development of an ultra HD video (4K/8K) industry by
building more ultra video industrial innovation and application centers and
strengthening cooperation between Chinese ultra HD video-related companies and
their overseas counterparts, a senior official said.

Number of users of 4K channels in Guangdong soared to 15 million in 2018

China will push forward development of an ultra HD video (4K/8K) industry by
building more ultra video industrial innovation and application centers and
strengthening cooperation between Chinese ultra HD video-related companies and
their overseas counterparts, a senior official said.

"We will introduce more policies to encourage overseas ultra HD video-related
companies to work closely with Chinese enterprises in developing the ultra video
(4k/8k) industry," said Miao Wei, the minister of industry and information
technology, during the 2019 World Conference on the Ultra HD Video (4K/8K)
Industry in Guangzhou.

During the one-day event, a number of domestic and overseas players including
Huawei Technologies Co and Japanese electronics maker Sharp Corp displayed their
latest technologies in the ultra HD video industry.

The provinces of Guangdong, Anhui, Hunan and Sichuan, municipalities of Beijing,
Shanghai and Chongqing, as well as the city of Qingdao in Shandong province also
released policies for the industry.

Nine projects in ultra HD video (8K) industrial demonstration and ultra video
studio experimental platform were signed on Thursday and Guangdong was named by
the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and National Radio and
Television Administration as a national-level ultra HD video industrial
development experimental area.

Guangdong, which opened the nation's first 4K TV channel, has now introduced
more than 200 ultra HD video-related companies, creating three ultra HD video
industrial clusters in Guangzhou, Shenzhen and Huizhou, said Guangdong governor
Ma Xingrui.

The number of users of 4K channels in Guangdong increased 53 percent
year-on-year to 15 million and the output of 4K television sets in the province
rose 31 percent year-on-year in 2018, Ma added.

"We will facilitate international cooperation in the ultra HD video industry and
invest more in research and development of the sector, pushing forward the 4K/8K
technologies into use in the areas of culture, education, entertainment,
security and transportation, medical treatment and healthcare and industrial
manufacturing," said Ma.

A national-level development plan for ultra HD video (4K/8K) industry released
by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, National Radio and
Television Administration and China Media Group in 2017 showed China's users of
4K set-top boxes have reached 150 million.

Nemoto Shoji, executive chief engineer of Sony Corporation, said the company's
ultra HD video technologies used in electronics display, entertainment and
finance, had boosted its business in the Chinese market.

qiuquanlin@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/10/2019 page17)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/91/155744934996.jpg

a41f726b05111e3f01a118.jpg


                             219 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 10, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: After the hype, 5G reality set to unfold

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

After being overwhelmed by big 5G announcements and advertisements for months,
domestic consumers can finally get their hands on the much-awaited 5G
smartphones in June.

Pinning hopes on the next-generation devices to revive a market mired in an
innovation lull and a sales slump, smartphone vendors are scrambling to woo
early adopters and hope to gain a first-mover advantage in the global 5G battle.

Consumers can apply to be part of Oppo's 5G smartphone experience program
starting on Wednesday and the company will officially bring the commercial
models to the market within two months. Huawei's 5G foldable smartphone Mate X
is also scheduled to hit the market by the middle of this year.

The 5G handsets by Vivo, Xiaomi and OnePlus are timed to be available in the
middle of this year, the third quarter and the second half of 2019 respectively,
according to statements from the companies.

The next-generation smartphones are expected to deliver superfast speeds, be
able to download high-definition movies in seconds and better enable complicated
virtual reality games such as fighting a 3D-dinosaur in a living room.

Though some of these initial applications are possible in 4G, "it is 5G that is
going to be a significant jump forward for phones because only with the latter's
higher bandwidth can these applications be more sophisticated and adopted by
most consumers, delivering a really amazing impact," said Nicole Peng, senior
director of market research company Canalys.

According to a report by the research institute China Center for Information
Industry Development, the prices of the first-batch of 5G smartphones will
exceed 10,000 yuan ($1,470).

But with telecom carriers spending money to subsidize consumers, the prices are
likely to drop to 5,000 yuan to 6,000 yuan by the beginning of 2020.

By September 2020, Apple is expected to unveil its first 5G smartphone and the
production costs will plummet. As a result, the average prices of domestic
products are likely to continue declining to about 2,000 yuan, the report added.

"Starting next year, more consumers will upgrade their handsets to 5G
smartphones. And the prime time period will last till 2023, triggering an
explosive growth in smartphone shipments," said Kang Jialin, one of the authors
of the report.

"With more 5G base stations constructed, new smartphone applications will
emerge, injecting new impetus to the sector. But this year, only a small number
of 5G devices will be shipped," Kang said.

The report forecast that about 10 million units of smartphones are expected to
be shipped this year and the number will hit 250 million in 2023.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

Fans take pictures of the Huawei Mate X smartphone, ahead of the Mobile World
Congress in Barcelona, Spain earlier this year. Reuters

(China Daily 05/10/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/90/155744935234.jpg

a41f726b05111e3f00b711.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/73/155744935266.jpg

a41f726b05111e3f00ba12.jpg


                             220 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 9, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Foreign minister says China hopes to advance ties with UK

BYLINE: Xu Wei

BODY:

China hopes the United Kingdom can see its development in a positive perspective
and keep advancing bilateral cooperation in order to enable the growth of both
nations, State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi said on Wednesday.

Wang's remark came as he met British Cabinet Secretary and National Security
Adviser Mark Sedwill, who is leading a delegation of permanent secretaries on a
three-day visit to China.

Wang noted that the visit by the delegation showed the importance the British
side attached to bilateral relations and its aspiration to advance the "Golden
Era" of China-UK relations.

China will work with the British side to bolster communication and exchanges,
and enhance mutual political trust, he said, adding that China welcomes more
active participation in the Belt and Road Initiative from the UK side.

He also urged joint efforts to keep injecting new vitality and impetus into the
"Golden Era" of bilateral relations and to enable concrete benefits to be
generated from it.

China adheres to open development, and it will continue to deepen reform and
opening-up following the trend of economic globalization, Wang said.

In adhering to balanced development, China will also push economic globalization
in the direction of being more open, inclusive and equitable within the current
international system, he added.

Sedwill said the British side attaches great importance to relations with China,
and is willing to advance the "Golden Era" of bilateral relations.

The UK side looks forward to more exchanges between government departments,
promoting bilateral cooperation in various areas and jointly dealing with global
challenges, said the UK's top civil servant.

China and the UK are natural partners of the BRI, and the British side supports
the initiative, he added.

He said the UK was deeply encouraged by the speech delivered by President Xi
Jinping at the opening of the Second Belt and Road Forum for International
Cooperation in Beijing last month, and it is willing to actively take part in
BRI cooperation.

The UK side, which adheres to multilateralism, looks forward to a greater role
from China in the international economic system and is willing to step up
bilateral cooperation on international and regional affairs, he added.

The visit by the UK delegation comes after an inquiry launched by the country's
National Security Council into the leak of information from senior ministers'
discussions about Chinese telecom giant Huawei Technologies Co. The inquiry,
reportedly led by Sedwill, led to the sacking of then defense secretary Gavin
Williamson.

According to a report in the Daily Telegraph last month, the UK approved Huawei
to help build its next generation mobile communication technology network,
allowing the company limited access to help build parts of its 5G network such
as antennas and other "noncore" infrastructure.

xuwei@chinadaily.com.cn

State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi meets British Cabinet Secretary and
National Security Adviser Mark Sedwill on Wednesday in Beijing. Sedwill is
leading a delegation of permanent secretaries on a three-day visit to
China.Kuang Linhua / China Daily

(China Daily 05/09/2019 page3)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/61/155735579928.jpg

00221917e13e1e3da65824.jpg


                             221 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 9, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: On chinadaily.com.cn

BODY:

Travel: Over 360,000 visit Lhasa for holiday

Lhasa, capital of the Tibet autonomous region, received more than 360,000
tourists over the May Day holiday, an increase of 32 percent year-on-year,
according to the city's tourism development bureau. During the four-day holiday
from May 1, the city's travel revenue hit 353 million ($52 million) yuan, up
64.1 percent year-on-year, according to the bureau. Lhasa is a world tourism
attraction.

Culture: Li Yugang set for global tour

Singer Li Yugang, who is known for his cross-dressing, wrapped up six
performances of his dance drama, Lady Zhaojun, in Beijing recently, and is ready
to launch an international tour, covering the United States, Canada and
countries involved in the Belt and Road Initiative. His schedule includes
Bangkok's 21st International Festival of Dance and Music on Oct 5 and 6. The
show is about Wang Zhaojun, an ancient Chinese beauty from the Han Dynasty (206
BC-AD 220), and the dance drama is part of the ongoing Beijing Arts Festival,
the capital's largest annual celebration of dance, music, drama and art. The
show's creative team includes renowned Taiwan songwriter Vincent Fang and
Oscar-winning designer Tim Yip. The dance drama premiered in 2015 in Beijing and
the new version is directed by Max Lee, also from Taiwan, whose works span
theater, Peking Opera and Kunqu Opera.

Rankings: World's top spenders on tech R&D

Chinese tech giant Huawei spent $15.3 billion on technology research and
development last year, ranking fourth among global tech behemoths, according to
data from Bloomberg. Amazon took the lead in R&D spending with $28.8 billion,
followed by Google's parent company Alphabet and Samsung with $21.4 billion and
$16.7 billion, respectively.

Photos: Highlights of 'Beautiful China'

A new photo exhibition will showcase the beauty of China in 34 overseas culture
centers and 19 tourism offices in more than 40 countries from Wednesday to June
28. Titled Beautiful China: Man, Nature and Harmony, the exhibition has selected
photographs portraying the natural and architectural landscapes of China, as
well as modern people's lives.

(China Daily 05/09/2019 page22)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/23/155736288388.jpg

a41f726719b21e3db18d32.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/16/155736288427.jpg

a41f726719b21e3db19533.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/4/155736288459.jpg

a41f726719b21e3db19834.jpg


                             222 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 9, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Nidec plans to plow $100m into Zhejiang production unit

BYLINE: Cheng Yu and Ma Jingna in Dunhuang, Gansu

BODY:

Japanese electric motor manufacturer Nidec Corp said it plans to invest around
$100 million in its second production facility in China's eastern Zhejiang
province as part of its broader efforts to tap into "unprecedented"
opportunities brought by the country's booming development in new energy
vehicles and smartphones.

Teruyuki Kai, president of Nidec in China, said the plant, which came shortly
after its $100 million investment in their first factory in Zhejiang last year,
would allow Nidec to provide automotive parts including traction motors.

"The increased investment also showed our resilience in beefing up our presence
in China, which is also our largest market globally," he said, adding the
company has set a goal of gaining 800 billion yen ($7.2 billion) in revenue in
the Chinese market by 2020.

Kai made the remarks in an interview here at the China Green Companies Summit,
an annual meeting on sustainable businesses that featured renowned business
tycoons including Alibaba Group founder Jack Ma.

"China is already the largest market for electrified vehicles, offering us
unprecedented opportunities to develop new types of traction motors, which are
the most important element of an electric vehicle's powertrain," he said.

According to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, the total sales
of electric vehicles and plug-in hybrids in the country reached 1.2 million last
year and are expected to hit 1.6 million in 2019.

To catch up with the trend, Kai noted that Nidec just put its three-in-one
e-axle into mass production. With a maximum capacity of 150 kilowatts, the
latest motor only weighs 83 kilograms, which is much lighter than that of its
competitors.

Wang Ruixiang, head of the China Machinery Industry Federation, pointed out that
new energy vehicles have gained momentum in China and have driven the whole
industry chain related to new energy cars.

"The future of the industry lies in breakthroughs in core automotive parts and
the research and development in related components," he said.

In addition to automotive parts, Kai said that electronic components have become
another "shiny" business in the country, with major smartphone vendors including
Oppo and Vivo among its clients.

"We are also in active talks with Huawei Technologies Co for potential
cooperation deals with the coming of 5G smartphones and equipment," he added.

Nidec's fiscal report showed its net sales revenue hit a record high of 1.52
trillion yen in the year ending March this year, a 2 percent increase
year-on-year.

Contact the writers at chengyu@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/09/2019 page16)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/87/155736289329.jpg

a41f726719b21e3daf8516.jpg


                             223 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 9, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Wuxi turns to IoT industry for growth

BYLINE: Cang Wei in Nanjing

BODY:

At Sunan Shuofang International Airport, automatic package sorting equipment can
sort 36,000 packages every hour with a 99.99 percent accuracy rate.

Packages of different sizes are placed on a conveyor belt at a speed of two
meters per second, before being scanned automatically and then sorted accurately
into particular areas.

The equipment, designed by Wayz Intelligent Manufacturing Technology, has been
adopted by many of China's leading express and e-commerce firms like Shunfeng,
Alibaba and JD.

One of many newly founded internet of things (IoT) firms in Wuxi, East China's
Jiangsu province, Wayz has developed rapidly and is expecting a 50 percent
increase in sales this year.

Li Gongyan, company representative and researcher at the Institute of
Microelectronics of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, said sales will reach 600
million yuan ($89 million) in 2019. Its sales in 2017, the second year after it
was founded, reached 200 million yuan.

"We've sold more than 200 sets of equipment in less than three years," she said.
"We have the confidence of becoming a leading company in the automatic sorting
industry, with the rapid development of the city's IoT industry."

Wuxi is home to more than 2,000 IoT companies, whose sales surpassed 263 billion
yuan in 2018, up 23.7 percent year-on-year. They have projects in more than 700
cities in 68 countries and regions.

Wuxi has held three World IoT Expos since 2016, and many of the country's
leading firms have initiated major high-tech projects in the city, including
Huawei, Alibaba and home appliance leader Haier.

The city has established policies to attract top IoT researchers and companies.

It has launched more than 2,000 IoT research projects at provincial level and
above, along with about 10,000 patent applications. More than 150,000 people
work in the city's IoT industry, including 13,000 high-tech experts.

The Wuxi Scientific and Technological Achievements Fair on
Industry-University-Research Cooperation was held from Monday to Tuesday as a
part of the 2019 Wuxi Conference of Talents and Innovation.

The fair, aimed at promoting the in-depth integration and transformation of
scientific and technological achievement, attracted more than 300 people from
about 50 global universities and research institutes.

Wuxi Party secretary Li Xiaomin said at the conference the city attaches great
importance to attracting experts who have injected impetus into the city's
high-quality development.

"Wuxi is looking forward to strengthening communication and cooperation with
outstanding individuals from home and abroad," Li said. "We will provide
comprehensive services and support to these people and create a better and more
efficient business environment for them to innovate and start careers."

According to an announcement by the conference, about 1,500 projects of
high-level talent at home and abroad and 450 new technical achievements of key
universities and research institutes will soon be released.

cangwei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 05/09/2019 page14)


                             224 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 8, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Ports forum valuable for promotion, network of shipping industries

BYLINE: Yuan Shenggao

BODY:

The International Association of Ports and Harbors' 31st World Ports Conference
being held from May 6 to 10 in Guangzhou, Guangdong province, plays a key role
in promoting the port and shipping industries while creating a platform for
cultural exchanges. More than 1,000 people from 55 countries and regions share
ideas and propose solutions to boost global economic development during the
event, organizers said.

Among attendees, principal port leaders from China will participate in several
forums alongside fellow port colleagues from Europe, the Americas, Africa, the
Middle East and Asia.

Many well-known enterprises, including China Communications Construction, COSCO
Shipping, Maersk, Huawei, and other Fortune 500 companies, will also be at the
conference.

Yuan Yue, deputy head of Guangzhou Port Authority, said Guangzhou Port has
established friendly and cooperative relations with 45 ports in five continents.

Guangzhou Port is known historically as a principal trading harbor and a
starting point of the ancient maritime Silk Road, which began well over 2,000
years ago.

More than two centuries later, the city has become a focus of global attention
as one of the key sea hubs serving China's Belt and Road Initiative. Guangzhou
has also hosted China's largest annual trade exhibition known as the Canton
Fair, attracting 25,000 exhibitors of Chinese products and 200,000 visiting
buyers from around the globe.

IAPH is a non-profit global alliance of 170 ports and 140 port-related
organizations covering 90 countries and regions.

Established in 1955, IAPH member ports handle more than 60 percent of global
maritime trade and around 80 percent of world container traffic.

During the IAPH Guangzhou 2019 World Ports Conference, experts offer attendees
unique access to viewpoints from the key players of the seaborne pillar of the
BRI.

It gives insights into key issues affecting maritime global trade, the growth in
the global cruise industry and the impact of digitization.

In the coming years, ports will also face key issues regarding sustainable
development, such as the transition to alternative energy sources, the need for
resilient infrastructure and improving safety and security at ports.

(China Daily 05/08/2019 page7)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/66/155727651101.jpg

00221917e13e1e3c56e515.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/2/155727651123.jpg

00221917e13e1e3c56f117.jpg


                             225 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             May 8, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Huawei leak reveals UK's security flaws

BYLINE: Harvey Morris in London

BODY:

The spectacular sacking of the defense minister over a leak from a top-secret
security meeting has highlighted a debate over Chinese company Huawei's role in
the United Kingdom's telecom networks.

Gavin Williamson, the minister in question, continues to maintain his innocence
in a saga that reveals more about a breakdown of discipline within British Prime
Minister Theresa May's Brexit-beleaguered government than it does about
Britain's state secrets.

The leak to the Daily Telegraph newspaper from the National Security Council, an
ad-hoc grouping of ministers and spy chiefs, revealed that a number of May's
close associates, Williamson included, had raised concerns about a decision to
allow Huawei to help build the UK's 5G network.

Although the leak was initially viewed as a potential criminal breach of the
Official Secrets Act - the police have since decided it was not - one does not
have to be James Bond to find out what the secret meeting was discussing.

A clue to that is in a report from something called the Huawei Cyber Security
Evaluation Centre (HCSEC) Oversight Board, which is freely available on the
official UK government website.

The evaluation center is based at a business park in Oxfordshire and owned by
Huawei, where company employees work under the oversight of the UK's GCHQ spy
agency on cybersecurity issues.

The so-called cell was set up in 2010 to address UK concerns about the
robustness of Huawei's security protocols, at a time when the company had
already established partnerships with UK telecoms companies.

This intense level of cooperation between the Chinese company and British
officials may come as a surprise to most people in Britain, for whom Huawei was
hardly a household name before the leak controversy erupted at the end of April.

The latest 46-page findings from the cell's Oversight Board amount to a "must
try harder" report on the company's operations. "HCSEC's work continues to
identify significant, concerning issues in Huawei's approach to software
development bringing significantly increased risk to UK operators," the report
said.

The report revealed that UK intelligence was concerned that security weaknesses
could be exploited by a range of outside actors, although it stressed that
cybersecurity officials did "not believe that the defects identified are a
result of Chinese state interference".

Huawei responded by acknowledging the concerns about its software engineering
capabilities. "We understand these concerns and take them very seriously," said
a company spokesperson.

The debate on Huawei and cybersecurity is not, of course, confined to the UK.
The United States has blocked Huawei from bidding on its 5G network and urged
its allies to do likewise. Some countries, including Australia, have followed
suit but the UK is clearly among those countries that want to maintain a
relationship with the Chinese company as it moves into the 5G era.

In the UK, however, the Huawei debate has erupted at a time of almost
unprecedented political turmoil as a lame-duck prime minister finds herself
under fire from all sides for her failure to push a deal on the country's
departure from the European Union through Parliament.

As rivals within her own Conservative Party vie to replace her when she
eventually quits - commentators say her premiership may have only weeks or
months to run - the Huawei issue has emerged as yet one more stick with which to
beat her.

Some potential successors are casting themselves as security hawks in comparison
with May, and her finance minister, chancellor Philip Hammond, who are portrayed
as "soft" on China.

Williamson was among those who had placed himself firmly on the side of the
hawks when he said in December that he had "very deep concerns" about Huawei's
involvement in the UK's 5G network.

The subtext of the anti-Huawei camp is that May and her Cabinet allies are
putting commercial benefit above the national interest.

In more normal times, such disagreements would have been confined to the closed
environment of the NSC. But that was blown apart by the April leak.

Despite the secrecy that would normally surround such high-level deliberations,
the actual pros and cons of the Huawei debate are freely available.

Ian Levy, the technical director of GCHQ's National Cyber Security Centre, has
criticized Huawei's alleged lapses.

In an April interview, he referred to alleged "shoddy" engineering practices and
said the company could be barred from working on the inner core of the 5G
network.

That seems to be precisely the conclusion reached at the notorious leaked
meeting. The government essentially decided to maintain the status quo by
limiting Huawei's products to the outer ring of the network, perhaps raising the
question of what all the fuss was about.

The author is a senior media consultant for China Daily UK.

harvey.morris@gmail.com

(China Daily 05/08/2019 page10)


                             226 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              May 7, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Huawei to build manufacturing base in Cambridge within 5 years

BYLINE: Bo Leung in London

BODY:

Chinese tech giant Huawei on Sunday confirmed its plans to build and operate an
optical device research and development base in Cambridge, United Kingdom,
within the next five years.

The facility, occupying 513 acres (2 square kilometers) of land, will be located
in the village of Sawston, 11 km outside of Cambridge and just 15 minutes from
the headquarters of Arm Holdings, the UK's largest technology company.

The facility would create 400 jobs for the area and is due to be operational by
2021.

It's reported Henk Koopmans, the chief executive of Huawei Technologies R&D UK,
purchased the site for 37.5 million pounds ($49.4 million) last year.

It's believed that Huawei is to build several tall buildings on the land, with
the possibility of funding a new medical center and a bus stop, and the company
has asked local residents to decide which other facilities are needed. They
could be built on an unused part of the site.

The tech giant had said it could eventually develop artificial intelligence
there.

According to The Financial Times, Huawei employs thousands in the UK, including
about 120 in Cambridge.

The expansion in the university city is part of a five-year, 3-billion pound
investment plan for the UK that it announced alongside the British Prime
Minister Theresa May in February last year.

Silicon center

Nearby Arm Holdings has invested heavily in its workforce in the area and is
part of the reason Cambridge has become a silicon center specializing in chip
production.

It's also reported that the Chinese tech company wants to continue to work with
Cambridge University and target their graduates.

"We have a long-term collaboration with Cambridge University," a spokesman for
the Chinese company told The Financial Times, pointing to a five-year,
25-million pound partnership with BT, a telecom operator, to fund research.

Last week, Gavin Williamson, the UK defense secretary, was sacked following an
inquiry into a leak from a top-level National Security Council meeting.

Williamson's dismissal came after reports in the Daily Telegraph about plans to
allow Huawei limited access to help build the UK's 5G network.

The former defense secretary had "strenuously" denied leaking the information.

The United States has accused Huawei of spying on behalf of China, although it
has not provided any evidence to support the claim. Both Australia and New
Zealand have joined the US in boycotting the use of Huawei technology in 5G
networks.

Last month, Liu Xiaoming, China's ambassador to the UK, had called on Britain to
work with Huawei on its 5G network infrastructure.

Liu had urged UK policymakers to reach an "independent decision" and act "in
accordance with their national interests".

Ma Si in Beijing contributed to this story.

boleung@mail.chinadailyuk.com

(China Daily 05/07/2019 page10)


                             227 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                               May 6, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: By labeling Huawei suspect, US will block 5G's progress

BODY:

The blueprint that cybersecurity officials from 30 countries worked out in
Prague on Friday, although non-binding, shows their aim is to try and exclude
Huawei, the largest telecommunications infrastructure equipment maker, from the
construction of telecom networks in these countries.

The blueprint, called the "Prague Proposals", says the "overall risk of
influence on a supplier by a third country", especially in relation to its
"model of governance, the absence of cooperation agreements on security" should
be taken into account. It also says the "security and risk assessment of vendors
and network technologies" should consider the rule of law, the security
environment, and compliance with "open, interoperable, secure standards and
industry practices".

Which fits in with the narrative the United States has been using to persuade,
even coerce its allies to not use the Chinese company's equipment in their 5G
networks.

As such, despite the fact that the Czech government organized the cybersecurity
conference, there are enough reasons to believe it was part of the US' move to
set cybersecurity rules to exclude Huawei from participating in the construction
of 5G telecom networks in developed countries after many of its allies refused
to heed its call to ban the Chinese company from their 5G networks.

The US has urged its allies to factor in the laws and the judicial system of a
country where a 5G supplier is based, saying that China's "lack of independent
judiciary" means that companies have "no legal recourse" if they don't want to
comply with Beijing's orders.

By drawing such a ridiculous conclusion, the US seems desperate to disprove the
fact that there is no evidence to even suggest Huawei used its telecom equipment
to conduct surveillance on behalf of the Chinese government. By contrast, there
is enough evidence that the US has been eavesdropping on not only its own
citizens but also the leaders of its allied countries.

Perhaps the US wants to keep Chinese companies out of Western countries' 5G
networks because it fears that they could soon make China the leader in the
field of science and technology.

But what the US is actually doing is trying to fulfill its own narrow political
goals and, in the process, blocking the development of the telecom industry
worldwide. And the politicization of what ought to be fair competition in the
telecom sector will go down as a scandal in human history.

(China Daily 05/06/2019 page8)


                             228 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                               May 3, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: UK defense chief fired over Huawei leaks

BYLINE: Angus Mcneice in London

BODY:

Gavin Williamson has been fired from his position as British defense secretary
following an investigation into a security meeting from which classified
discussions about Chinese telecommunications company Huawei were leaked to the
media.

Williamson vehemently denies security breach, calling May's decision politically
motivated

Gavin Williamson has been fired from his position as British defense secretary
following an investigation into a security meeting from which classified
discussions about Chinese telecommunications company Huawei were leaked to the
media.

Last week, Williamson, Prime Minister Theresa May and other members of the
National Security Council, or NSC, met to determine if Huawei would be allowed
to participate in building 5G infrastructure in the United Kingdom.

Before any formal announcement was made, The Daily Telegraph newspaper reported
that the NSC had given Huawei the green light, triggering an investigation into
how the information had got out.

On Wednesday evening, Downing Street released a statement, saying May had "lost
confidence" in Williamson's ability to serve as a member of her Cabinet.

"The Prime Minister's decision has been informed by his conduct surrounding an
investigation into the circumstances of the unauthorized disclosure of
information from a meeting of the National Security Council," the statement
said.

May thanked NSC members for their "full cooperation and candor" during the
investigation and said she now "considers the matter closed".

"This is an extremely serious matter, and a deeply disappointing one," May said
in a letter to Williamson. "In our meeting this evening, I put to you the latest
information from the investigation, which provides compelling evidence
suggesting your responsibility for the unauthorized disclosure. No other
credible version of events to explain this leak has been identified."

The government has appointed Penny Mordaunt as new defense secretary. She was
previously the international development secretary.

Responding to May's letter, Williamson denied that a leak originated from his
department.

"I emphatically believe this was not the case. I strenuously deny that I was in
any way involved in this leak and I am confident that a thorough and formal
inquiry would have vindicated my position," he wrote in a letter.

In an interview with Sky News, Williamson intimated that May's decision was
politically motivated.

"I have been completely and utterly screwed. When I spoke to the prime minister,
she said I could either resign or be sacked, I said I would not resign because I
did not leak this information, so she sacked me. The prime minister needs to
show she is strong and bold, this is a useful way of doing that.... It is
politics."

Williamson took up the post in 2017. He caused controversy on several occasions
for using strong, combative rhetoric against Russia, China, and opposition
Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn, among other targets.

In February, Williamson gave a speech in which he threatened to deploy a warship
in the Pacific.

In a speech outlining the UK military's future strategy, he said the aircraft
carrier, HMS Queen Elizabeth, would be sent to the Pacific and the UK was
prepared to use "lethal" force to deter countries that "flout international
law". His remarks were seen as a direct threat to China in the South China Sea.

Before that, in December, Williamson said he had "very deep concerns" about
Huawei building network infrastructure in the UK, and accused China of acting
"sometimes in a malign way".

The United States has accused Huawei of spying on behalf of China, although it
has not provided any evidence to support the claim. Both Australia and New
Zealand have joined the US in boycotting the use of Huawei kit in 5G networks.

On Monday, Robert Strayer, a deputy assistant secretary at the US state
department who has led anti-Huawei lobbying, implied that the US would evaluate
its intelligence sharing procedures if the UK does not ban Huawei.

In response to Strayer's comments, Downing Street said it had noted US concerns.

Last week, Margot James, UK digital minister, said that the government was right
to proceed with recommendations supplied by the UK National Cyber Security
Centre, which has found no evidence to support the US claim that Huawei is
involved in digital espionage.

angus@mail.chinadailyuk.com

(China Daily 05/03/2019 page4)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/51/155684448793.jpg

00221917e13e1e35ca291d.jpg


                             229 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 30, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Ningbo Customs helping Zhejiang cut down on counterfeits

BYLINE: Hao Nan

BODY:

Ningbo Customs District of China in Zhejiang province places a strong emphasis
on regulating management and fighting against intellectual property
infringement, while seeking balance between effective IP protection and trade
convenience.

Seizures of fake items intended for trade have increased over 30 percent

Ningbo Customs District of China in Zhejiang province places a strong emphasis
on regulating management and fighting against intellectual property
infringement, while seeking balance between effective IP protection and trade
convenience.

The customs agency upholds those values in a bid to create a favorable business
environment for international trade.

Since last January, the city's customs authorities have cracked down on 519 IP
infringement cases, an increase of 30.7 percent year-on-year, and seized more
than 12 million counterfeited goods worth about 610 million yuan ($90.87
million).

To better manage its exports, Ningbo Customs has strengthened actions during a
four-month national campaign code-named Longteng. Photos Provided to China Daily

With the implementation of China's innovation-driven development strategy, "Made
in China" products have become more reputable and competitive in global markets.
They also face a greater risk of being copycatted.

To better manage its exports, Ningbo Customs had strengthened actions during a
four-month national campaign code-named Longteng, which started on August 1 of
last year, to combat counterfeit goods in traditional industries such as
machinery manufacturing, daily chemicals, food processing, textiles and
electronic products.

The customs agency had also targeted counterfeit items in emerging sectors like
energy conservation, environmental protection, telecommunication electronics,
high-end equipment manufacturing and bio-medicine.

It took decisive measures to stop counterfeits from being exported to Africa,
the Middle East, Latin America, Southeast Asia and the countries and regions
involved in the Belt and Road Initiative to protect the reputation of China's
national brands.

Huawei Technologies, one of China's telecoms giants, for example, has won
affection among international consumers backed by its high-quality products and
services. However, its success sparked a wave of fake products, produced by
people looking to capitalize on its success.

In early April, the customs agency seized 1,310 counterfeit products bearing the
Huawei trademark. They included mobile phone screens, cells and plastic
stickers, and had a potential value of 113,000 yuan. The goods were intended to
be exported to Papua New Guinea and Mozambique.

"Qualified lithium batteries must meet strict requirements for safety
performance like charging protection, but these copycats have many potential
security problems that will seriously affect users' health and safety," said
Huang Ting, a senior official with Ningbo Customs.

In addition to damaging the interests of foreign consumers, copycats also hurt
the image and reputation of Chinese brands in the world market, Huang added.

Tri-Circle Lock Industry Group has benefited from stringent protection by Ningbo
Customs. Since 2009, authorities have seized more than 4 million products with
counterfeit Tri-Circle trademarks that were worth nearly 20 million yuan.

The company, founded in 1930 in Yantai, Shandong province, is one of China's
oldest lock makers with a time-honored brand. IP protection has also been a top
concern for foreign-funded companies, and China's newly adopted Foreign
Investment Law highlights the significance of protecting the IP rights of
foreign investors and companies.

Ningbo Customs has been committed to developing a fair environment for doing
business in Zhejiang for years to serve its export-oriented economy.

In April, it seized a shipment of 129,000 pairs of fake glasses bearing
trademarks of luxury brands like Dior, Giorgio Armani, Boss, Cartier, Chanel,
Gucci and Ray-Ban, with a retail value of about 1.36 million yuan.

The glasses were planed to be exported to Egypt. The customs agency has also
seized a large number of counterfeit sports products with labels of Nike, Adidas
and Puma.

It has cracked down on 102 cases violating Adidas trademarks since last year and
seized 552,000 copied products valued at nearly 47.42 million yuan.

"Ningbo is one of our major markets to fight against infringements, and the
local customs has done a lot for Adidas to safeguard its IP rights," said Kong
Qin, a lawyer for the sportswear company. Products designed for children are
another highlight of customs inspection in Ningbo.

Authorities recently seized a batch of puzzles violating trademarks of British
animation Peppa Pig, one of the most watched cartoons by children around the
world.

The 3,200 puzzles intended for export were found in 10 boxes, and valued about
100,000 yuan.

This was the 30th case violating the IP rights of products intended for children
that Ningbo Customs cracked down on in the past two years. Since 2018, the
authorities have seized 140,000 counterfeits worth 5 million yuan, including
crayons, umbrellas, pillows, pencil bags, seals and stationery.

Most of the items seized were poor-quality products with many potential security
problems.

haonan@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 04/30/2019 page24)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/35/155658524894.jpg

a41f726719b21e31d5123a.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/88/155658524909.jpg

a41f726719b21e31d52a3b.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/68/155658524945.jpg

a41f726719b21e31d5323d.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/87/155658524957.jpg

a41f726719b21e31d53840.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/24/155658524969.jpg

a41f726719b21e31d53b44.jpg


                             230 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 30, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Chinese-Australians need to come together

BYLINE: Bob Carr

BODY:

A new burst of messaging against China has been unleashed again by Australian
newspapers and the Four Corners program of the Australian Broadcasting
Corporation, giving the impression that hostile forces are threatening
Australia. In March, former Australian foreign minister Gareth Evans said, "a
new form of Sinophobia is emerging". He said this is one of the reasons
Chinese-Australians are under-represented in senior leadership in Australia.

Sometimes there have been legitimate concerns lying beneath the surface of the
anti-China theory. I have not criticized the Australian government for banning
foreign campaign donations or requiring representatives of foreign governments
to register with the authorities. On Huawei, I am neutral. Who knows what
evidence was considered by the Australian National Security Committee of the
Cabinet to justify the ban on the world's biggest telecommunications company as
a supplier of 5G equipment?

Publicity conflated, tinged with racism

But, as Evans says, a lot of the publicity has been conflated, even tinged with
racism. Take the following examples:

In 2017, former China correspondent for Fairfax John Garnaut alleged that China
was exporting "racial chauvinism" to our universities. This generated a raft of
headlines and bought warnings from Julie Bishop, then foreign minister, to
Chinese students. But a careful survey by James Laurenceson, of the
Australia-China Relations Institute at the University of Technology Sydney, of
media stories on the subject showed that, with about 130,000 Chinese students in
Australia, there were a mere four incidents. And in not a single case was
freedom of expression compromised or classroom discussion stifled.

Anti-China media stories focus on large campaign donations to Australian
political parties by Chinese businessman Huang Xiangmo. But of the 300 companies
in the Australia-China Chamber of Commerce, none donates to political parties,
and this includes investors in mining, banking, food and aviation industries. In
fact, there is no pattern of donations from China swamping political parties.

A leak that may have come from the Australian Security Intelligence Organization
suggested that Chinese-Australians contesting local government elections
represented security threats because they might have belonged to an organization
called the "Australian Council for the Promotion of Peaceful Reunification of
China". Actually, none of the candidates mentioned has ever been associated with
agitation or lobbying on issues of concern to Beijing such as the South China
Sea, Taiwan or Tibet.

Worst example of anti-China prejudice

One of the worst examples of anti-China prejudices comes from a book written by
a professor of public ethics, Clive Hamilton-Silent Invasion published in early
2018. On pages 280-281 Hamilton writes that up to 40 percent of the Chinese in
Australia are disloyal. Specifically, he says they are ready "to take to the
streets to express their loyalty to Beijing - in other words, to Australia's
enemy".

Australia's "enemy"? Certainly not.

But no Australian government has used such kinds of talk since 1972. Australian
Prime Minister Scott Morrison has said his government is "absolutely committed
to the long-term constructive partnership with China based on shared values,
especially mutual respect". And Labor Party leader Bill Shorten has said:
"Preemptively framing China as a strategic threat isn't a sufficient response to
its role and increasing influence in our region..."

But Hamilton and his supporters such as retired academic John Fitzgerald insist
on seeing China as Australia's "enemy". See China as "our enemy" and the next
step is that Australians with family links to China can be seen as potential
traitors. That is what Hamilton does by saying they are ready to "rise up". His
only evidence? Two friends of his with Chinese backgrounds told him so.

None in govt defended Chinese-Australians

Here's what should concern us all. When Hamilton's book was published last year,
no one in the Australian federal government rose to defend Chinese-Australians
against the appalling smear campaign.

The silence of the government perpetuated the suspicions that anti-China zealots
were sowing. In particular, this was a shameful abandonment of former prime
minister Malcolm Turnbull's duty to defend any community of multicultural
Australia being subject to unfair attacks based on racial or political
prejudice.

Any country is entitled to introduce legislation to protect its sovereignty. But
when he did so, Turnbull parodied the comment popularly attributed to Chairman
Mao Zedong, saying that with this legislation "the Australian people stand up".
It could easily be interpreted as finger pointing at China and the Chinese
people who have made Australia their home and given it their loyalty.

Why question the loyalty of Chinese-Australians?

An ACRI publication, Australia Talks China, made the point that Australian
citizens born in China are less likely than most other migrant groups to push
the foreign policy of the country of their birth. We allow Jewish Australians to
make a case for Israel. We don't tarnish their loyalty. We allow Armenians,
Turks, Tamils and Greeks and migrants from former Yugoslavia the right to argue
a case that favors the country of their origin. We don't call their loyalty to
Australia in question.

Chinese-Australians have the same right as other Australian citizens. But the
propaganda directed at them, and not rebutted by the federal government, is
feeding the prejudice of a small minority of Australians who still have old
fashioned white Australia prejudices.

On March 11, The Australian reported that the ABC had been forced to retreat
from severe allegations made on its Four Corners program in June 2017. The
program interviewed a Chinese student, Lu Lupin. She said she was horrified when
she saw the broadcast. She alleged that the ABC program had been "recklessly
indifferent to the truth" and "severely injured her reputation" by slandering
her as a Chinese spy. The ABC apparently accepted her complaint and reached an
out of court settlement. But it never made public this agreement.

Media outlet loses defamation case

In February this year, the Sydney Morning Herald lost a defamation case brought
by Chinese-Australian businessperson Chau Chak Wing over explosive allegations
made against him in October 2015 by the Herald's former China correspondent John
Garnaut. The article linked him to a US bribery case. The judgment found in
favor of Chau, noting that Garnaut's article adopted a "sneering and
deprecating" tone and used language that was "imprecise and loose" and
"sensational and hyperbolic".

The judge concluded that Garnaut had "no rational or reasonable basis" for his
"extraordinary, if not outlandish and paranoiac, statements or theories... that
Dr Chau may have (been) "an agent of ... the Chinese State" or..."an actual
asset of the Chinese intelligence system".

The judge also noted Garnaut's failures to take contemporaneous notes of his
conversations with several people that he had relied on for his article. For a
"responsible journalist", taking notes of conversations with sources should be
standard practice. Garnaut's failure to do so led the judge to seriously doubt
his credibility, and to question whether some of these conversations actually
took place at all, or were fictitious additions by Garnaut to add a sheen of
authority to his unsupported speculations: "I am not persuaded that Mr Garnaut
was being entirely truthful about those matters... The likelihood is that Mr
Garnaut's evidence concerning that source was manufactured," the judge said.

Identifying a person as spy without evidence

A Western Australian Labor MP, Pierre Yang, was savaged in The Australian on Dec
6 last year because, the paper alleged, he had spent three months on a Chinese
government vessel. This was enough to have him classed as a potential spy.

But it emerges that Yang was serving as an Australian Army reserve captain. He
had been mobilized by the Australian Army to serve on the Chinese vessel in the
international search for the missing Malaysian Airline flight MH370 because he
was a fluent Mandarin speaker and could serve as liaison officer and linguist.
No matter that he was performing duties as an exemplary citizen, his loyalty was
impugned.

A similar smear campaign was directed at a New South Wales Labor MP Ernest Wong
in June 2018 in an article that appeared in the Sydney Morning Herald and
claimed that security agencies believed Wong had been targeted by suspected
Chinese government intelligence agents. The report emphasized that he had done
nothing wrong. Still the charge was impossible for Wong to rebut (how many MPs
could say with certainty they haven't been targeted by agents of a foreign
government?) and is likely to have damaged his career.

Doubting loyalty on basis of ethnicity

The message is - as Gareth Evans argues - if you are of Chinese background your
loyalty to Australia may be suspect.

I think Chinese-background citizens need to learn from Jewish citizens.

Faced with the poison of anti-Semitism, Jews in the United States formed an
Anti-Defamation League. The purpose of the league was to quickly reply to racist
comments and to defend the Jewish community from those who attacked it.
Australians with Chinese origins need to come together to set up a similar body
to give legal advice to make defensive statements and educate the public about
their community.

I was premier of New South Wales for the longest time. I got to know the Chinese
community and got to appreciate its loyalty to Australia and its democracy and
cannot imagine Australia without them. They are not pushing a communist party
agenda. Now they feel uncomfortable with headlines that associate them with
disloyalty.

Chinese-Australians need to set up an organization

And I will offer my advice and support when they are ready to set up an
organization to defend this proposition.

It should be an organization without any links to Beijing or any obligation to
defend China's system of government, an organization that will assert that
migrants from China who do the right thing should not be subject to taunts and
stereotypes and vilification.

With this, it might be said, Chinese migrants in Australia will stand up, just
as the Jewish migrants did in the US.

The author is director of the Australia-China Relations Institute at the
University of Technology Sydney. He is a former foreign minister and the
longest-serving premier of New South Wales. The views don't necessarily
represent those of China Daily.

(China Daily 04/30/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/34/155658526194.jpg

00221917e13e1e31cd4c31.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/11/155658526226.jpg

00221917e13e1e31cd5432.jpg


                             231 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 29, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Huawei challenges Australia's 5G ban

BYLINE: Karl Wilson in Sydney

BODY:

China has begun what could be a long, drawn-out legal battle at the World Trade
Organization, or WTO, over Canberra's decision to ban Chinese telecoms companies
from taking part in Australia's 5G network.

China's case was the 24th item on the WTO agenda, listed as "Australia -
discriminatory market access prohibition on 5G equipment - request from China".

Australia banned Huawei Technologies, one of the world's leaders in 5G
technology, and ZTE Corp, from supplying equipment for the country's 5G network
last August, citing national security risks.

"Australia's case is weak at best," said Zhou Weihuan, a senior lecturer in law
at the Herbert Smith Freehills China International Business and Economic Law
Centre at Sydney's University of New South Wales.

The WTO's Council for Trade in Goods discussed the case during its meeting on
April 11-12. Chinese argued the ban was "discriminative" and "appeared" to break
global trade rules, according to an April 14 Reuters report citing a transcript
of the meeting.

Australia's Trade Minister Simon Birmingham said in a statement on April 14 that
the government "stands by its decision in relation to 5G, which was not targeted
at any one country or telecommunications company".

Australia is using articles XX (General Exceptions) and XXI (Security
Exceptions) of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade rules to justify the
ban.

Under the rules, WTO member countries are not allowed to discriminate between
trading partners or reject imports from member countries, but they can cite
"national security" to gain an exemption from the normal global trade rules.
This provision, however, is rarely invoked by member states for fear that
national security claims could become the norm and undermine the global trade
organization.

According to Zhou, "Australia does not have sufficient grounds under the
national security exemptions to ban the Chinese companies".

"Unless Australia can prove that Chinese 5G equipment poses a higher risk than
the same equipment from other countries, the discrimination would be
unjustifiable," Zhou said.

Huawei's director of corporate and public affairs for Australia, New Zealand and
the South Pacific, Jeremy Mitchell, told China Daily recently that Australia
will pay a "heavy price" for the ban on Chinese telecom companies.

He said banning companies such as Huawei will mean that Australians end up
paying more money to build their networks with inferior technology.

This is already having an impact on the Australian market. TPG, an Australian
internet service provider, announced recently it will drop plans to build a
fourth mobile network, explicitly referencing the absence of Chinese vendors in
its decision not to proceed.

Neale O'Connor, professor of accounting at the School of Business, Monash
University in Malaysia, said the politics of 5G is interesting as Huawei and
Nokia are the key holders of the license for 5G technology.

"This makes it very political and is why there is a lot of pushback among
developed countries. Even if Australia bans Huawei from infrastructure
installation, the providers of 5G in Australia will still have to pay Huawei and
Nokia a license fee," he told China Daily.

karlwilson@chinadailyapac.com

(China Daily 04/29/2019 page12)


                             232 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 29, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: On chinadaily.com.cn

BODY:

Tech: Historical style of pottery printed in 3D

After his university graduation in 2011, Gao Tengfei returned to his hometown,
Nanshishan village in Henan province, which is known as the home of tricolor
glazed pottery, or tangsancai. The skill, which dates back to the Tang Dynasty
(618-907), was recognized as a national intangible heritage in 2008. He brought
3D printing to the skill. "The handmade craft seems far away from technology.
But if it is possible to integrate them, I want to explore it," Gao said.

Reading: China guest of honor at key book fair

The 32nd Teheran International Book Fair kicked off last week in the Iranian
capital Teheran, with China as guest of honor. During the 11-day book fair,
which lasts until Saturday, some 2,400 Iranian publishers display 300,000 book
titles, while about 800 foreign publishers participate. Lin Liying, deputy
general manager of the China National Publications Import and Export Corp, said
that some 94 publishers from across China are bringing 15,000 book titles.

Society: Sea museum to open on Wednesday

The country's first national maritime museum has scheduled trial operations
starting on Wednesday. Located in Tianjin, the museum includes four exhibition
halls that focus on the themes of the ancient ocean, the ocean today, journey of
discovery and the age of the dragon. During the trial, the museum will allow
3,000 visitors per day. Visitors need to book tickets in advance through the
official website or WeChat account, which opened on Sunday. The three-story
museum covers 150,000 square meters.

Video: BRI helps make China a top destination

Since the Belt and Road Initiative was launched in 2013, China has become a
priority destination for tourists and prospective foreign residents because of
its natural beauty, profound culture, delicious food and convenient
transportation. Our website interviewed guests from Russia and Bangladesh on
their lives and working experiences after moving to the country, and what makes
China attractive to them.

Rankings: Influential business leaders listed

Ren Zhengfei, founder of Huawei, is the most influential business leader in
China, according to the Chinese edition of Fortune. Pony Ma Huateng, founder of
Tencent, came in second, followed by Chen Dongsheng, founder of Taikang
Insurance. Alibaba chairman Jack Ma grabbed fourth place. The 40-year-old Wang
Xing, chairman of Meituan Dianping, is the youngest among the top 10 of the
list. Dong Mingzhu, chairwoman of Gree Electric Appliances, is the only female
entrepreneur on the top 10 ranking, placing seventh.

(China Daily 04/29/2019 page22)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/21/155649883382.jpg

a41f726719b21e3080953a.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/14/155649883409.jpg

a41f726719b21e30809b3b.jpg


                             233 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            April 27, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Tech giants take solutions, services overseas

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

"The weather in Zambia is good these days, and my mood is as good as the
weather!" said Liu Shaobing, chief representative to Zambia of Inspur Group Co
Ltd, China's largest server maker.

Chinese firms share experience to build IT infrastructure with BRI economies

"The weather in Zambia is good these days, and my mood is as good as the
weather!" said Liu Shaobing, chief representative to Zambia of Inspur Group Co
Ltd, China's largest server maker.

"We recently signed new contracts with local governments and will send 5,000
machines to five key local cities to help them build smart taxation systems,"
Liu said in an internet call interview.

According to him, the Zambian government is ramping up its push to strengthen
infrastructure construction and the local demand for informatization is also
surging, which creates good opportunities for Inspur.

Liu, who has been working in Africa for 11 years, is one of a growing number of
Chinese employees who are working in countries and regions involved in the Belt
and Road Initiative, as Chinese tech companies are scrambling to expand their
overseas presence.

Equipped with cutting-edge technologies and years of experience in serving a
huge domestic market, established tech heavyweights including Inspur, Huawei
Technologies and Lenovo Group Ltd are accelerating internationalization to take
their technologies, solutions and services abroad.

Take Inspur's presence in Zambia for example. Liu said the African country used
to only have handwritten invoices, and tax evasion was serious.

In 2016, the local government began global bidding to build a smart tax system.
In January 2017, Inspur beat eight other global companies to win the bid with
its mature invoice management software and hardware integration system, or IMS.
Inspur has also become the exclusive IT supplier of Zambia's smart tax project.

In January 2018, Inspur's IMS system was successfully launched in Zambia. The
2,000 tax control terminals deployed in the first phase of the project covered
16 cities across the country, involving 144 different industries.

"As of now, the system has been trouble-free operating stably for more than
10,000 hours, providing a technical guarantee for the reasonable and legal tax
payment of Zambian taxpayers," Liu added.

The case is part of Inspur's broader efforts to expand its business in the
countries and regions involved in the Belt and Road Initiative. The company's
products and services are available in 120 countries and regions.

"China is the most sophisticated IT market and the largest data producer in the
world," said Sun Pishu, chairman and CEO of Inspur. "Our four decades of
experience in building information infrastructure is of great value to other
developing economies."

Inspur has already built an education cloud platform for the Thai government to
boost local students' learning efficiency.

Its prowess in super computers also helped scientists from Saudi Arabia map the
genome of the date palm, whose fruit is a staple food in the region. It has also
established cooperation with more than a string of countries on tax
informatization.

"When venturing into markets related to the Belt and Road, Inspur not only
exports products and services, but shares its experience in leveraging
information infrastructure with other developing economies," Sun said.

To date, the Chinese IT conglomerate has also held a large number of overseas
training programs on big data, cloud computing and tax informatization systems,
which it said helped countries like Egypt, Ethiopia, South Africa and Vietnam
train technicians and officials.

In 2017, Inspur also formed an alliance with global tech giants including IBM
and Cisco Systems Inc to provide IT solutions to countries and regions involved
in the Belt and Road Initiative.

Amb Kabiru Rabiu, a representative of the government of Kano, which is an
important province in Nigeria, said earlier that the alliance is bringing
high-tech solutions to countries like Nigeria, one of the most populous
countries of Africa, which can meet the country's urgent need for solving
mounting security problems and promoting intelligent education.

Just like Inspur, Huawei is also ramping up its push to expand its presence in
the countries and regions involved in the Belt and Road Initiative, as it
scrambles to bring its telecom equipment, cloud services and smartphones to more
foreign companies and consumers.

The Shenzhen-based company announced in February that it has partnered with
Rain, South Africa's mobile data-only network operator, to jointly launch a 5G
network in the country. This move has made South Africa one of the first
countries to launch the superfast fifth-generation mobile communication
technology.

With Huawei's end-to-end 5G solutions, Rain has been able to build the 5G
network using its 3.6-gigahertz spectrum. In the first rollout phase, Rain has
deployed a number of 5G sites in key areas in Johannesburg.

Willem Roos, chief executive officer of Rain, said the network will provide
fiber-like speeds without the installation complexities, time delays and cost of
laying fiber in under-serviced areas.

Huawei's products and services are already available in more than 170 countries
and regions. In 2018, Huawei recorded $105.2 billion in revenue, with about half
of that from overseas.

Specifically, 28.4 percent was from Europe, the Middle East and Africa, 6.6
percent from the Americas, and 11.4 percent from the Asia-Pacific region.

Guo Ping, rotating chairman of Huawei, said at a news conference in March that
an increasing number of foreign countries and clients are choosing the company's
products and services, with good growth already recorded from January to
February of this year. And he expected such momentum to continue in the
remaining months of 2019.

The company's expanded footprint in the global cloud computing arena seems to be
a good example. Huawei will soon build cloud computing nodes or availability
zones in Brazil and Chile, Zheng Yelai, president of Huawei's cloud business,
said in late March.

Huawei has been partnering with Spanish telecom carrier, Telefonica, to operate
cloud services in Latin America, but as Huawei's consumer business, including
smartphones, is becoming increasingly popular in that region, it has decided to
launch its own cloud brand there.

"We have had a fabulous performance in foreign countries. By the end of this
year, Huawei Cloud's overseas performance is likely to exceed that of other
Chinese cloud service providers," Zheng said, without providing more details.

Such results are backed by Huawei's technological prowess, which is a long-term
result of its years of heavy input into research and development. In 2018, its
R&D spending surpassed that of Microsoft, Apple and Intel.

According to the latest statistics from the European Union, Huawei spent 101.5
billion yuan ($15.1 billion) on R&D investment, ranking fourth among the global
companies behind Samsung, Google and Volkswagen.

Alongside Huawei's increasing international popularity, its brand awareness in
overseas countries and regions is also surging.

Huawei was the top ranked Chinese firm in the Top 50 BrandZ Chinese Global Brand
Builders, a report jointly prepared by advertising holding company WPP, its
research firm Kantar Millward Brown, and Google.

The company started operating public cloud services in South Africa in December.
It is deploying a regional data center in Johannesburg, from which its cloud
services can cover neighboring countries and regions. More data centers are also
in the pipeline to extend its reach across the continent.

Edith Mutethya contributed to this story.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 04/27/2019 page8)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/94/155632608465.jpg

00221917e13e1e2ddbdb1e.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/54/155632608535.jpg

00221917e13e1e2ddbe11f.jpg


                             234 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            April 27, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Digital Silk Road helping developing countries

BYLINE: Ren Xiaojin

BODY:

The digital Silk Road, as part of the Belt and Road Initiative, has not only
brought investment and jobs to the economies involved, but has also empowered
them with the ability to embrace the digital age.

China Electronics Technology Group Corp's digital education program in Zambia is
one example. In a country with multiple languages spoken, education can be
difficult due to communication barriers. But with help from CETC, the problem
can be solved through a simple click using its online study system, in which
content is translated into eight local languages.

"We provided solutions for digital education in 241 residential areas in three
provinces of Zambia, covering all the courses from first to seventh grade in
primary schools," said Xiong Qunli, chairman of CETC. "It has significantly
improved the quality of Zambia's education, benefiting over 5,000 teachers and
more than 270,000 students."

Partnerships with Chinese companies under the BRI framework have benefited a
number of countries and regions in terms of local talent cultivation and
improved livelihoods.

Abdullah Alswaha, Saudi Arabia's minister of communications and information
technology, said companies such as Huawei and ZTE have helped train over 8,000
professionals in information technology every year to fulfill the country's
digital transformation vision.

"Now on the digital front, we are definitely teaming up on the digital Silk
Road," Alswaha said.

Improving people's livelihoods through technology is another major focus Saudi
Arabia has been working on with Chinese partners through artificial
intelligence. Alswaha said partnerships with Chinese companies in AI can help
redefine the country's healthcare system and significantly lower medical costs.

Digital infrastructure is also key to further economic growth in Africa. Vera
Songwe, executive secretary of the United Nations Economic Commission for
Africa, said that the continent is home to 1.3 billion with 50 percent being
youths, so the service sector is key to Africa's economic growth.

Infrastructure projects have helped the continent better embrace the digital
age, and the small country of Djibouti, which now has seven submarine cables
connecting it with the rest of the world, is a good demonstration of this, said
Songwe.

She said that Africa is still in need of more infrastructure to promote
e-commerce - a sector from which Africa is hoping to achieve $2.3 trillion in
revenue by 2020 - and the continent has a lot to learn from China.

"China has been pushing the digital Silk Road and sharing the benefits brought
by digital transformation," said Lin Nianxiu, deputy director of the National
Development and Reform Commission. "We have signed cooperation agreements with
over 16 countries in the building of the digital Silk Road, and launched the
Belt and Road Digital Economy International Cooperation Initiative with seven
countries."

Lin said the digital Silk Road has delivered positive outcomes. For example,
China has so far built over 30 cross-border land communication cables and over a
dozen international submarine communication cables with economies involved.

"We have been exploring cooperation on remote medical services with over 50
countries and developing new applications such as mobile payments with over 40
countries," he added.

renxiaojin@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 04/27/2019 page2)


                             235 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            April 27, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Jilin moving its economy ahead with digitalization

BYLINE: Song Mengxing and Han Junhong

BODY:

Jilin is fast carving a new development path through digitalization, Bayin
Chaolu, Party secretary of the province in Northeast China, said at the Jilin
delegation's opening day during this year's two sessions, the National People's
Congress and the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, in early
March.

Local officials say initiative is key to increased development

Jilin is fast carving a new development path through digitalization, Bayin
Chaolu, Party secretary of the province in Northeast China, said at the Jilin
delegation's opening day during this year's two sessions, the National People's
Congress and the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, in early
March.

Bayin Chaolu said Jilin can be more competitive in the future by innovating and
revitalizing the old industrial region. The province has achieved distinct
success in intelligent manufacturing, digital government, smart agriculture and
smart tourism while promoting "digital Jilin", he said.

During a special performance at the 2019 China Central Television Spring
Festival Gala, FAW Group's top digital technologies and more than 100 of its
popular models were used in the gigantic spectacular.

The integration of digital technology and auto elements reflects the new
vitality of the old industrial area, Bayin Chaolu said.

According to Bayin Chaolu, the development of a "digital Jilin" has three
prominent characteristics. Its main direction is digital government and
intelligent manufacturing. Digital government is the combining of scientific and
technological innovation with institutional innovation, which can make the
business environment more efficient.

Intelligent manufacturing will require the integration of the solid industrial
foundation of the province with digital technologies such as big data, cloud
computing and artificial intelligence.

Jilin's digital industry is developing rapidly as the province is greatly
supporting the innovation at FAW Group, a large automobile maker headquartered
in Jilin's capital city Changchun, and promoting the construction of the Hongqi
smart town.

In other areas, the unmanned subway produced by CRRC Changchun Railway Vehicles
is operating in Beijing, and 12 Jilin-1 satellites in orbit provide remote
sensing services to more than 10 countries.

Jilin has had many breakthroughs in key technology, and its advantageous
scientific and technological resources are the solid foundation for promoting
its digital development. Changchun University of Science and Technology has
developed the technology to measure objects with an accuracy of 0.5 micrometers.

In addition, the province strategically cooperates with big-name companies like
Huawei, Alibaba and JD, which has boosted its economy especially in rural and
cross-border e-commerce.

Jilin is also active in developing its 5G network. Changchun has given road test
license for the technology to FAW Group's Hongqi H7 and Besturn X80. China
Mobile's Jilin branch has opened two venues for people to try 5G and one of them
is at Jilin University.

In the past five years, the total output value and sales revenue of Jilin's
electronic information manufacturing industry saw an average growth of 10
percent annually. The competitiveness of its products, such as high-power
semiconductor lasers and optical-electricity encoders, is becoming stronger.

Automobile supporting capabilities have also been improved with related
electronic products including vehicle navigation and advanced audio and
infotainment systems.

Digital development can also be seen in governmental services. Many government
agencies offer streamlined online services to increase efficiency for the
public. About 60 percent of industrial and commercial affairs in the province
can be dealt with online.

Jilin is using information technology to drive industrialization to promote
technological development, local officials said.

To facilitate more intelligent networks, in August 2017, FAW Group launched the
National Intelligent Network Automobile Application (North) Demonstration Zone
in Changchun. The zone studies how smart networks can be used to make traffic
and driving on the road safer with less congestion. It is also trialling related
standards to promote the commercialization of results in innovation while
providing testing for the vehicles.

The zone has built facilities for testing the interconnectivity between vehicles
and testing infrastructure which uses 5G networks to pass vehicle information to
smart transportation management systems.

FAW Group began to develop an intelligent network platform for passenger cars in
2017 and has launched several varieties of related automobiles, enabling users
to control and diagnose vehicles at a long distance.

Digitalizing industry is an important way for Jilin to develop its economy,
local officials said. The province will continue to focus on automobiles, the
petrochemical industry, agricultural product processing and equipment
manufacturing. It will also build a new foundation for manufacturing consisting
of automation, remote sensing, upgraded industrial software and hardware and
industrial internet.

Contact the writers at songmengxing@chinadaily.com.cn

Workers assemble satellites at a plant of Changguang Satellite Technology in
Jilin province.Ding Luyang/china Daily

A manufacturing workshop at Changchun Northern Chemical Filling Equipment, an
important scientific and technological company in Jilin.Ding Luyang/china Daily

FAW Group shines during a spectacular performance at the 2019 China Central
Television Spring Festival Gala.Provided To China Daily

(China Daily 04/27/2019 page16)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/11/155632610061.jpg

00221917e13e1e2ddd972f.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/65/155632610207.jpg

00221917e13e1e2ddd9b30.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/32/155632610228.jpg

00221917e13e1e2ddd9f31.jpg


                             236 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            April 27, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: BUSINESSES PROFIT FROM BRI WITH OVERSEAS ORDERS

BYLINE: Yuan Shenggao

BODY:

The Belt and Road Initiative has brought business opportunities to companies in
Youxian district of Mianyang, Sichuan province, and provided a boost to the
district's opening-up, local officials said.

Companies based in Youxian district feeling the benefits of international
economic bonds

The Belt and Road Initiative has brought business opportunities to companies in
Youxian district of Mianyang, Sichuan province, and provided a boost to the
district's opening-up, local officials said.

A shipment of reflective ceramic tiles from Sichuan Jiebang Science &
Technology, a high-tech company in the district, arrived in the port city of
Ashdod, Israel, in mid-March. They will be used in building an urban tunnel in
Jerusalem.

At the same time, another batch of Jiebang ceramic tiles was being shipped to
the United States for a local product show.

The ceramic tile, designed by Jiebang, won the 2016 Red Dot award - which is
dubbed as the Academy Awards in the industrial design field - after competing
with some 10,000 entries from 57 countries and regions.

The design can increase the brightness of tunnel walls and road surfaces and
therefore reduce safety risks. In 2018, it won the China Red Star Design Award,
a top industrial design prize in the country.

At Jiebang, workers are busy fulfilling the contracts signed by European buyers.

The orders placed in early April from Spain have taken up most of the company's
production, its executives said.

Despite Jiebang's production lines being upgraded several times, its production
still cannot meet the growing demand from home and abroad, said Han Yuping, one
of the executives.

Another company in the district, TRX, is also riding high with increased orders
from BRI-related countries and regions.

The manufacturer of capacitors has obtained contracts from major industrial
players, including telecommunications giant Huawei and South Korean electronics
maker Samsung.

From Samsung, TRX has won orders worth $11 million this year.

"We introduced three new production lines in 2018, which helped to generate 80
million yuan ($11.9 million) in output value a year," said Liu Shijun, general
manager of the company.

"This year, we plan to add another five to 10 production lines, in a bid to
increase our output value to 120-150 million yuan," Liu said.

Local companies' tech expertise is the key to their overseas expansion. Mianyang
Weibo Electronic is a shining example.

A flagship rail project in Kenya began in 2017. The Chinese-built railway links
Mombasa, a coastal city in Kenya, and its capital city of Nairobi. Weibo
Electronic provided key equipment to the project, including all the sensors used
in the railway signal microcomputer monitoring system.

Focusing on research and development in the sectors of rail, nuclear power and
telecommunications, the company has grown from a device manufacturer to a
symmetric solution supplier.

Weibo Electronic has increased its R&D efforts and developed a monitoring system
that can detect radiation contamination within five seconds.

"A series of systems made in our company have been used in nuclear power
projects in countries and regions involved in the BRI," said He Siqiao, an
executive with the company's technological center.

In addition to the manufacturing industry, the food sector in the district is
also bustling with machines.

Some 1,500 boxes of corn snacks were shipped from Corndo Food to Syria in August
2018. It took more than a month for the shipment to arrive.

It was the first time that the snack provider had exported. The BRI is advancing
the puffed corn company's exploring in overseas markets, its spokesman said.

Sustained innovation

Home to three national-level research institutes, Youxian boasts some 80,000
tech professionals from different sectors. They provide support for local
businesses' innovation.

Youxian, a major district of Mianyang, is located at the core of China Science
and Technology City. It has been designated as the only green industry
demonstration area in western China.

"Either to encourage local companies to go abroad or attract investment projects
from overseas, the government needs to create a business-friendly environment,"
said Jiang Bin, Party chief of the district.

"The key is to satisfy the needs of entrepreneurs and other types of
professionals," he said.

Yuan Changhong, a senior engineer with the Mianyang subsidiary of Sichuan Yahua
Industrial Group, worked in Wuhan, Hubei province, before he took the current
position. He is leading his team in Youxian, seeking to make breakthroughs in
research.

The district government provides high-level tech professionals with green
service cards, which can help with medical care and children's schooling, Yuan
said.

"All such measures have given me faith in my career prospects in Youxian," he
said. "We really appreciate the high-quality services and favorable policies
offered by the local government, which help us to settle in the district for a
better future."

The district government has earmarked a special fund of 10 million yuan to
foster local professionals and attract experts and specialists from other
regions and abroad.

Local authorities have also rolled out incentive policies to encourage tech
startups, as part of their drive to improve the district's reform and
opening-up.

Last year, 29 high-level personnel were attracted to Youxian and two
provincial-level research centers headed by academicians were set up there. They
helped the district's GDP to increase 9.2 percent from a year earlier to 24.71
billion yuan in 2018.

The government has also streamlined administrative approval procedures,
integrating more than 20 departments into one center to offer one-stop services.

The move has reduced the approval time to less than 60 days, local officials
said.

Xu Hong, a technological officer at a local high-tech company, said Youxian's
efficient administrative services and business-friendly climate promoted his
company's decision to move to the district.

Construction on an intelligent logistics industrial park, funded by the company,
began at Youxian in March. The new facility will combine R&D, production and
sales.

Youxian ranked 25th among China's top 100 county-level governments in terms of
administrative services in February 2018, according to the local government.

An employee works on a production line at TRX, a capacitor manufacturer at
Youxian district in Mianyang, Sichuan province. Photos provided to China Daily

(China Daily 04/27/2019 page30)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/30/155632611809.jpg

a41f726b05111e2ddf203f.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/38/155632611856.jpg

a41f726b05111e2ddf2440.jpg


                             237 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            April 27, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Swisscom to cover country by 5G, with two Chinese brands

BODY:

GENEVA - Switzerland's biggest telecoms firm, Swisscom, said Wednesday it is
expanding the fifth-generation network, or 5G, and will supply virtually the
whole country by the end of the year with two Chinese companies in its brand
line-up.

Swisscom said it plans to cover 90 percent of Switzerland with 5G mobile
communications by the end of 2019 and named Chinese companies Oppo and Huawei
along with South Korea's LG and Samsung among the brands it will ship.

Until now, 5G remained purely theoretical for residential customers as there
were no end devices and no possibility to use 5G technology and its advantages,
said the company, which is 51 percent owned by the Swiss Confederation.

"The very first 5G devices in the Swisscom shop come from the manufacturer Oppo,
followed by other brands such as LG (from May), Samsung (from July) and Huawei
(third quarter)," said the Swiss telecoms company.

The fifth-generation wireless technology offers much faster data speeds for
mobile communications than previous generations: up to 10 gigabits a second,
quick enough to download a high-definition movie in seconds, and up to 100 times
faster than current 4G technology.

"As soon as we have the concession for the new mobile frequencies, we will
activate our networks," Swisscom Director Urs Schaeppi told the media on
Wednesday, according Swiss news agency Keystone-SDA.

The Swisscom networks were put in place in partnership with Swedish telecoms
company Ericsson.

Swisscom will make the first 5G smartphone models available starting in May.

Last week Swisscom competitor Sunrise launched 5G service in 150 Swiss
municipalities. However, the public opinion on the 5G system differs in the
country. Some say it's indispensable for economic development; others are afraid
of the increased radiation coming from the antennas, reported Keystone-SDA.

Xinhua

(China Daily 04/27/2019 page18)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/98/155632613591.jpg

a41f726b05111e2dd9ab11.jpg


                             238 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            April 27, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Tech giants take solutions, services overseas

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

"The weather in Zambia is good these days, and my mood is as good as the
weather!" said Liu Shaobing, chief representative to Zambia of Inspur Group Co
Ltd, China's largest server maker.

Chinese firms share experience to build IT infrastructure with BRI economies

"The weather in Zambia is good these days, and my mood is as good as the
weather!" said Liu Shaobing, chief representative to Zambia of Inspur Group Co
Ltd, China's largest server maker.

"We recently signed new contracts with local governments and will send 5,000
machines to five key local cities to help them build smart taxation systems,"
Liu said in an internet call interview.

According to him, the Zambian government is ramping up its push to strengthen
infrastructure construction and the local demand for informatization is also
surging, which creates good opportunities for Inspur.

Liu, who has been working in Africa for 11 years, is one of a growing number of
Chinese employees who are working in countries and regions involved in the Belt
and Road Initiative, as Chinese tech companies are scrambling to expand their
overseas presence.

Equipped with cutting-edge technologies and years of experience in serving a
huge domestic market, established tech heavyweights including Inspur, Huawei
Technologies and Lenovo Group Ltd are accelerating internationalization to take
their technologies, solutions and services abroad.

Take Inspur's presence in Zambia for example. Liu said the African country used
to only have handwritten invoices, and tax evasion was serious.

In 2016, the local government began global bidding to build a smart tax system.
In January 2017, Inspur beat eight other global companies to win the bid with
its mature invoice management software and hardware integration system, or IMS.
Inspur has also become the exclusive IT supplier of Zambia's smart tax project.

In January 2018, Inspur's IMS system was successfully launched in Zambia. The
2,000 tax control terminals deployed in the first phase of the project covered
16 cities across the country, involving 144 different industries.

"As of now, the system has been trouble-free operating stably for more than
10,000 hours, providing a technical guarantee for the reasonable and legal tax
payment of Zambian taxpayers," Liu added.

The case is part of Inspur's broader efforts to expand its business in the
countries and regions involved in the Belt and Road Initiative. The company's
products and services are available in 120 countries and regions.

"China is the most sophisticated IT market and the largest data producer in the
world," said Sun Pishu, chairman and CEO of Inspur. "Our four decades of
experience in building information infrastructure is of great value to other
developing economies."

Inspur has already built an education cloud platform for the Thai government to
boost local students' learning efficiency.

Its prowess in super computers also helped scientists from Saudi Arabia map the
genome of the date palm, whose fruit is a staple food in the region. It has also
established cooperation with more than a string of countries on tax
informatization.

"When venturing into markets related to the Belt and Road, Inspur not only
exports products and services, but shares its experience in leveraging
information infrastructure with other developing economies," Sun said.

To date, the Chinese IT conglomerate has also held a large number of overseas
training programs on big data, cloud computing and tax informatization systems,
which it said helped countries like Egypt, Ethiopia, South Africa and Vietnam
train technicians and officials.

In 2017, Inspur also formed an alliance with global tech giants including IBM
and Cisco Systems Inc to provide IT solutions to countries and regions involved
in the Belt and Road Initiative.

Amb Kabiru Rabiu, a representative of the government of Kano, which is an
important province in Nigeria, said earlier that the alliance is bringing
high-tech solutions to countries like Nigeria, one of the most populous
countries of Africa, which can meet the country's urgent need for solving
mounting security problems and promoting intelligent education.

Just like Inspur, Huawei is also ramping up its push to expand its presence in
the countries and regions involved in the Belt and Road Initiative, as it
scrambles to bring its telecom equipment, cloud services and smartphones to more
foreign companies and consumers.

The Shenzhen-based company announced in February that it has partnered with
Rain, South Africa's mobile data-only network operator, to jointly launch a 5G
network in the country. This move has made South Africa one of the first
countries to launch the superfast fifth-generation mobile communication
technology.

With Huawei's end-to-end 5G solutions, Rain has been able to build the 5G
network using its 3.6-gigahertz spectrum. In the first rollout phase, Rain has
deployed a number of 5G sites in key areas in Johannesburg.

Willem Roos, chief executive officer of Rain, said the network will provide
fiber-like speeds without the installation complexities, time delays and cost of
laying fiber in under-serviced areas.

Huawei's products and services are already available in more than 170 countries
and regions. In 2018, Huawei recorded $105.2 billion in revenue, with about half
of that from overseas.

Specifically, 28.4 percent was from Europe, the Middle East and Africa, 6.6
percent from the Americas, and 11.4 percent from the Asia-Pacific region.

Guo Ping, rotating chairman of Huawei, said at a news conference in March that
an increasing number of foreign countries and clients are choosing the company's
products and services, with good growth already recorded from January to
February of this year. And he expected such momentum to continue in the
remaining months of 2019.

The company's expanded footprint in the global cloud computing arena seems to be
a good example. Huawei will soon build cloud computing nodes or availability
zones in Brazil and Chile, Zheng Yelai, president of Huawei's cloud business,
said in late March.

Huawei has been partnering with Spanish telecom carrier, Telefonica, to operate
cloud services in Latin America, but as Huawei's consumer business, including
smartphones, is becoming increasingly popular in that region, it has decided to
launch its own cloud brand there.

"We have had a fabulous performance in foreign countries. By the end of this
year, Huawei Cloud's overseas performance is likely to exceed that of other
Chinese cloud service providers," Zheng said, without providing more details.

Such results are backed by Huawei's technological prowess, which is a long-term
result of its years of heavy input into research and development. In 2018, its
R&D spending surpassed that of Microsoft, Apple and Intel.

According to the latest statistics from the European Union, Huawei spent 101.5
billion yuan ($15.1 billion) on R&D investment, ranking fourth among the global
companies behind Samsung, Google and Volkswagen.

Alongside Huawei's increasing international popularity, its brand awareness in
overseas countries and regions is also surging.

Huawei was the top ranked Chinese firm in the Top 50 BrandZ Chinese Global Brand
Builders, a report jointly prepared by advertising holding company WPP, its
research firm Kantar Millward Brown, and Google.

The company started operating public cloud services in South Africa in December.
It is deploying a regional data center in Johannesburg, from which its cloud
services can cover neighboring countries and regions. More data centers are also
in the pipeline to extend its reach across the continent.

Edith Mutethya contributed to this story.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 04/27/2019 page8)


                             239 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            April 27, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Digital Silk Road helping developing countries

BYLINE: Ren Xiaojin

BODY:

The digital Silk Road, as part of the Belt and Road Initiative, has not only
brought investment and jobs to the economies involved, but has also empowered
them with the ability to embrace the digital age.

China Electronics Technology Group Corp's digital education program in Zambia is
one example. In a country with multiple languages spoken, education can be
difficult due to communication barriers. But with help from CETC, the problem
can be solved through a simple click using its online study system, in which
content is translated into eight local languages.

"We provided solutions for digital education in 241 residential areas in three
provinces of Zambia, covering all the courses from first to seventh grade in
primary schools," said Xiong Qunli, chairman of CETC. "It has significantly
improved the quality of Zambia's education, benefiting over 5,000 teachers and
more than 270,000 students."

Partnerships with Chinese companies under the BRI framework have benefited a
number of countries and regions in terms of local talent cultivation and
improved livelihoods.

Abdullah Alswaha, Saudi Arabia's minister of communications and information
technology, said companies such as Huawei and ZTE have helped train over 8,000
professionals in information technology every year to fulfill the country's
digital transformation vision.

"Now on the digital front, we are definitely teaming up on the digital Silk
Road," Alswaha said.

Improving people's livelihoods through technology is another major focus Saudi
Arabia has been working on with Chinese partners through artificial
intelligence. Alswaha said partnerships with Chinese companies in AI can help
redefine the country's healthcare system and significantly lower medical costs.

Digital infrastructure is also key to further economic growth in Africa. Vera
Songwe, executive secretary of the United Nations Economic Commission for
Africa, said that the continent is home to 1.3 billion with 50 percent being
youths, so the service sector is key to Africa's economic growth.

Infrastructure projects have helped the continent better embrace the digital
age, and the small country of Djibouti, which now has seven submarine cables
connecting it with the rest of the world, is a good demonstration of this, said
Songwe.

She said that Africa is still in need of more infrastructure to promote
e-commerce - a sector from which Africa is hoping to achieve $2.3 trillion in
revenue by 2020 - and the continent has a lot to learn from China.

"China has been pushing the digital Silk Road and sharing the benefits brought
by digital transformation," said Lin Nianxiu, deputy director of the National
Development and Reform Commission. "We have signed cooperation agreements with
over 16 countries in the building of the digital Silk Road, and launched the
Belt and Road Digital Economy International Cooperation Initiative with seven
countries."

Lin said the digital Silk Road has delivered positive outcomes. For example,
China has so far built over 30 cross-border land communication cables and over a
dozen international submarine communication cables with economies involved.

"We have been exploring cooperation on remote medical services with over 50
countries and developing new applications such as mobile payments with over 40
countries," he added.

renxiaojin@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 04/27/2019 page2)


                             240 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            April 27, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Jilin moving its economy ahead with digitalization

BYLINE: Song Mengxing and Han Junhong

BODY:

Jilin is fast carving a new development path through digitalization, Bayin
Chaolu, Party secretary of the province in Northeast China, said at the Jilin
delegation's opening day during this year's two sessions, the National People's
Congress and the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, in early
March.

Local officials say initiative is key to increased development

Jilin is fast carving a new development path through digitalization, Bayin
Chaolu, Party secretary of the province in Northeast China, said at the Jilin
delegation's opening day during this year's two sessions, the National People's
Congress and the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, in early
March.

Bayin Chaolu said Jilin can be more competitive in the future by innovating and
revitalizing the old industrial region. The province has achieved distinct
success in intelligent manufacturing, digital government, smart agriculture and
smart tourism while promoting "digital Jilin", he said.

During a special performance at the 2019 China Central Television Spring
Festival Gala, FAW Group's top digital technologies and more than 100 of its
popular models were used in the gigantic spectacular.

The integration of digital technology and auto elements reflects the new
vitality of the old industrial area, Bayin Chaolu said.

According to Bayin Chaolu, the development of a "digital Jilin" has three
prominent characteristics. Its main direction is digital government and
intelligent manufacturing. Digital government is the combining of scientific and
technological innovation with institutional innovation, which can make the
business environment more efficient.

Intelligent manufacturing will require the integration of the solid industrial
foundation of the province with digital technologies such as big data, cloud
computing and artificial intelligence.

Jilin's digital industry is developing rapidly as the province is greatly
supporting the innovation at FAW Group, a large automobile maker headquartered
in Jilin's capital city Changchun, and promoting the construction of the Hongqi
smart town.

In other areas, the unmanned subway produced by CRRC Changchun Railway Vehicles
is operating in Beijing, and 12 Jilin-1 satellites in orbit provide remote
sensing services to more than 10 countries.

Jilin has had many breakthroughs in key technology, and its advantageous
scientific and technological resources are the solid foundation for promoting
its digital development. Changchun University of Science and Technology has
developed the technology to measure objects with an accuracy of 0.5 micrometers.

In addition, the province strategically cooperates with big-name companies like
Huawei, Alibaba and JD, which has boosted its economy especially in rural and
cross-border e-commerce.

Jilin is also active in developing its 5G network. Changchun has given road test
license for the technology to FAW Group's Hongqi H7 and Besturn X80. China
Mobile's Jilin branch has opened two venues for people to try 5G and one of them
is at Jilin University.

In the past five years, the total output value and sales revenue of Jilin's
electronic information manufacturing industry saw an average growth of 10
percent annually. The competitiveness of its products, such as high-power
semiconductor lasers and optical-electricity encoders, is becoming stronger.

Automobile supporting capabilities have also been improved with related
electronic products including vehicle navigation and advanced audio and
infotainment systems.

Digital development can also be seen in governmental services. Many government
agencies offer streamlined online services to increase efficiency for the
public. About 60 percent of industrial and commercial affairs in the province
can be dealt with online.

Jilin is using information technology to drive industrialization to promote
technological development, local officials said.

To facilitate more intelligent networks, in August 2017, FAW Group launched the
National Intelligent Network Automobile Application (North) Demonstration Zone
in Changchun. The zone studies how smart networks can be used to make traffic
and driving on the road safer with less congestion. It is also trialling related
standards to promote the commercialization of results in innovation while
providing testing for the vehicles.

The zone has built facilities for testing the interconnectivity between vehicles
and testing infrastructure which uses 5G networks to pass vehicle information to
smart transportation management systems.

FAW Group began to develop an intelligent network platform for passenger cars in
2017 and has launched several varieties of related automobiles, enabling users
to control and diagnose vehicles at a long distance.

Digitalizing industry is an important way for Jilin to develop its economy,
local officials said. The province will continue to focus on automobiles, the
petrochemical industry, agricultural product processing and equipment
manufacturing. It will also build a new foundation for manufacturing consisting
of automation, remote sensing, upgraded industrial software and hardware and
industrial internet.

Contact the writers at songmengxing@chinadaily.com.cn

Workers assemble satellites at a plant of Changguang Satellite Technology in
Jilin province.Ding Luyang/china Daily

A manufacturing workshop at Changchun Northern Chemical Filling Equipment, an
important scientific and technological company in Jilin.Ding Luyang/china Daily

FAW Group shines during a spectacular performance at the 2019 China Central
Television Spring Festival Gala.Provided To China Daily

(China Daily 04/27/2019 page16)


                             241 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 26, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Bolstering the Belt and Road Initiative through green finance

BYLINE: Yao Wang and Christoph Nedopil Wang

BODY:

This year, the Ministry of Ecology and Environment, together with four other
ministries, released the "Guidance on Promoting a Green Belt and Road".
Realizing this ambition requires green finance - the full range of financial
services that support the transformation to an environmentally and
climate-friendly economy.

Green finance in China has seen strong development based on the "Guidelines for
Establishing a Green Financial System" published by the People's Bank of China
(the country's central bank) and six other government agencies in 2016. In 2018,
the Chinese green bond market became the second largest in the world - after the
United States - with the issuance of $30 billion.

Scaling and accelerating these experiences to greening the Belt and Road
Initiative is a long-term but achievable goal. Failing to green the Belt and
Road would have potentially catastrophic climate impacts.

Unique chance to promote green tech development

Using green finance to green the Belt and Road is a unique opportunity to scale
green technological development in the more than 100 participating Belt and Road
countries. Since it was proposed in 2013, the initiative has seen investments in
many sectors, particularly in energy (about 38 percent) and transport (about 27
percent), according to data from the American Enterprise Institute.

As the energy and transport sectors are the two biggest emitters of greenhouse
gases worldwide, accounting for about 50 percent and 20 percent, respectively,
of the total emissions in 2014, as per International Energy Association data,
reducing emissions from these two sectors, while providing new economic growth
opportunities, is one of the main challenges and opportunities for Belt and Road
green finance.

With significant investments in green energy technology, energy production has
seen a green revolution. According to a study by Lazard, the annualized
levelized cost of energy for solar photovoltaic and wind energy have dropped by
88 percent and 69 percent, respectively, from 2009 to 2018, while the costs for
coal and nuclear power have increased by 9 percent and 23 percent, respectively.

Chinese investments have contributed to the technological advances and price
drops in green energy with companies such as Goldwind and United Power in wind
turbines, Trina Solar and Yingli Solar in solar energy, and BYD and Huawei in
energy storage and management. Investing in green energy technologies, and
making them available to participating Belt and Road economies would generate
green energy at affordable prices.

Similar to successful financing of green energy, investments in the transport
sector are leading to a green mobility revolution: Electrification, automation,
sharing mobility and digitalization are already changing the way people and
goods are transported.

However, compared with energy, green finance for transportation is more complex,
for two reasons. First, green mobility still has a higher price tag than
traditional mobility: paved roads are cheaper than subway tunnels, investments
in private mobility companies have higher financial returns than in public
transportation, and freight companies make money by delivering billions of
packages from online shopping.

Consumers need to make informed choices

Second, investing in green transport involves more complex stakeholder
interactions: creating policy incentives for green finance in mobility involves
not only investors and operators, but also has an impact on daily consumer
choices. While consumers don't experience the difference between green and
traditional energy when powering their refrigerator, they need to make a choice
between a greener bus and a less green car - which directly impacts the risks
for and returns on green investments.

Greening transport therefore requires a complex mixture of green finance and
green policy. According to the World Bank, combining finance and policy would
make green transport investments both cheaper and less risky, lowering green
transport investment needs from about $1,060 billion to about $417 billion per
year in emerging economies.

China has accumulated experience in mixing policy and finance for green
transport and developed leading green mobility technologies, particularly in
electric vehicles' mobility. These experiences, for example from Shenzhen that
financed and now operates 17,000 electric buses and 4,600 electric taxis, or
from China Railway Corporation that invested in the construction and operation
of the 29,000-kilometer high-speed rail network, can be useful for greening the
BRI.

Challenges for green finance

Many investors have more experiences in evaluating risks and returns of older
rather than new technologies. Accordingly, a World Resources Institute study
found that between 2014 and 2017, about 60 percent of energy projects in
participating Belt and Road economies financed by the China Development Bank and
the Export and Import Bank of China went to traditional coal and gas-fired power
plants, and only 15 percent to renewable energy projects (the rest went to
nuclear energy and energy transmission projects).

Another challenge to finance a green Belt and Road is disparities in green and
sustainable finance taxonomy. For example, while the National Development and
Reform Commission's Chinese green industry catalogue includes green coal and
Chinese Belt and Road investments adhere to the host country principle that
let's Belt and Road countries decide on their own energy generation
technologies, Western green finance principles don't include coal.

Finally, many government policies don't fully incentivize green finance. For
example, governments in China, Russia and Egypt continue to subsidize fossil
fuel consumption, while incentives for green technologies are often changing in
the short term, and pricing mechanisms for greenhouse gas emissions are mostly
lacking.

Greening the Belt and Road is a long-term project that requires immediate
action. If Chinese and international funds are used on green technologies with
greater priority in the Belt and Road countries, they would definitely have a
big positive impact on green growth. These green investments would in turn allow
BRI countries to avoid the brown trap of emission-intense infrastructure, and
help them to leapfrog to a green and more prosperous development.

Yao Wang is director-general of the International Institute of Green Finance,
Central University of Finance and Economics, Beijing, and Christoph Nedopil Wang
is director of Green Belt and Road Initiative, International Institute of Green
Finance at the same university.

(China Daily 04/26/2019 page8)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/38/155623969145.jpg

00221917e13e1e2c932e24.jpg


                             242 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 26, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: ICBC's venture takes flight as a role model of Sino-Turkish financial
cooperation

BYLINE: Hao Nan

BODY:

The Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, the country's largest lender by
market value, is steadily developing its business in Turkey on the back of its
good performance.

The bank was the first Chinese-funded business institution to enter Turkey after
it purchased the majority of shares of Tekstilbank in May 2015.

ICBC Turkey currently owns 44 branches and 20 securities business offices in 18
major Turkish cities, employing more than 900 people. It provides all-round
financial services, including deposits, loans, trade financing, investment and
acquisition, to both companies and individuals, with licenses for commercial
banking, investment banking and asset management.

As a role model of Sino-Turkish financial cooperation, the bank has given full
play to ICBC's advantages in terms of its customers, capital, management and
service networks, in a bid to support Chinese companies' going-abroad
strategies, promote the Belt and Road Initiative, serve the local economy and
fulfill its social responsibilities.

Last year, ICBC Turkey was named "International Bank of the Year" for its
distinguished contributions to Turkey's economy.

Turkey is a founding member state of the Organization for Economic Co-operation
and Development, and a member of the G20.

It also plays an important role under the framework of BRI as a geographical
bridge between Europe and Asia, making the country a popular market for Chinese
banks going global.

In recent years, China and Turkey have had close political, economic and
cultural connections, with the governments of the two countries signing a series
of cooperation agreements on areas of investment, energy, agriculture and
quality control.

In 2016, for example, the central banks of Turkey and China concluded their
first Turkish lira-RMB swap deal worth 450 million Turkish lira ($77.16
million), enabling the use of local currencies in bilateral trade and
investment. Since its establishment, ICBC Turkey has leveraged strategic
opportunities brought about by the BRI and strengthened Sino-Turkish ties to
ofer more convenient and comprehensive financial services to Chinese and Turkish
companies.

The bank has also improved its capabilities in serving the local economy by
creating tailor-made financing solutions for large-scale BRI-related projects in
infrastructure, resource development and building overseas industrial parks.

ICBC Turkey has developed integrated financing services, through which it can
provide customers with different types of capital such as loans, bonds and
equity funds, and actively promoted the currency swap agreement inked between
the two countries, as well as cross-border renminbi clearing, settlement and
financing businesses.

Via its wide network in Turkey, the bank is helping Chinese companies seek new
business opportunities and investment. In 2015, it provided credit support for
the Kumport Terminal project, Turkey's third-largest container terminal,
acquired by three Chinese companies - the China Investment Corp, COSCO Pacific
and China Merchants Holdings (International).

It has been the biggest acquisition to date by Chinese companies in Turkey,
totaling $940 million.

ICBC Turkey has so far served more than 100 Chinese companies and organizations,
including Huawei, China National Machinery Import and Export, and the Chinese
embassy in Ankara, earning praise for its mergers and acquisitions consultation
and diverse financial services.

In the past three years, ICBC Turkey has actively aligned the BRI with the
Turkish Middle Corridor Plan to promote Sino-Turkish cooperation in
infrastructure and production capacity.

It has established partnerships with many leading Turkish companies, including
KOC Holding, the only home-grown Fortune Global 500 company in the country, and
backed a number of projects to improve local livelihood such as GAMA Holding's
hydropower and SOCAR Turkey's oil pipeline projects.

It also issued Turkey's first public-private partnership project bond to the
Elazig Hospital and financed Canakkale Bridge, a proposed suspension bridge over
the Dardanelles Strait. The bank has also provided mortgage loans, credit cards
and consumer loans to more than 200,000 Turkish people.

In addition to financial businesses, ICBC Turkey has paid much attention to
improving the customer experience via means such as developing the English
version of its online banking system and cash points, opening online application
for personal loans and improving the telephone banking service in English.

It has also hired Chinese employees in key outlets and set up WeChat groups to
follow up business needs of Chinese customers.

The bank also takes great care to fulfill its corporate social responsibility,
employing people with disabilities, providing regular medical checkups and
shuttle buses for employees in its headquarters.

It also sponsors soccer matches organized for foreign bodies based in Istanbul
and makes donations to orphanages across the country.

Meanwhile, the bank has taken every opportunity to promote trade, cultural
exchanges and mutual understanding between China and Turkey by participating in
public diplomatic activities such as the G20 Summit in Antalya.

It has been invited to take part in several important events held in Turkey,
such as the annual meetings of the Turkish Industry and Business Association,
the largest chamber of commerce in the country.

Other important business events the bank has attended include the Understanding
and Doing Business with China conference, energy summits, and seminars on the
economy and prospects for future reform and development.

During these events, the bank has introduced China, the Chinese economic and
financial environment, Chinese companies, ICBC and itself to Turkish
participants to help them gain a more comprehensive understanding of the
country. Last year, it invited Turkish corporate clients to attend the first
China International Import Expo held in Shanghai, showing them China's
determination to expand its imports and enhance opening-up.

haonan@chinadaily.com.cn

Representatives from ICBC Turkey attend the bankers round-table talk at the 2nd
Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation in Beijing. Photos provided to
China Daily

(China Daily 04/26/2019 page35)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/75/155624682808.jpg

a41f726b05111e2ca34660.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/81/155624682837.jpg

a41f726b05111e2ca34e61.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/36/155624682859.jpg

a41f726b05111e2ca35362.jpg


                             243 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 26, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Closer cultural bonds generate momentum

BYLINE: Zhong Nan

BODY:

The tangible developing results of the Belt and Road Initiative and closer
cultural ties will generate momentum in the fields of people-to-people exchanges
and two-way investment between China and Turkey this year, government officials
said.

Chinese investment in Turkey surged by 120 percent over the past years, with
nearly 1,000 Chinese companies such as Power Construction Corp of China, Huawei
Technologies and China Railway Rolling Stock Corp now operating various
businesses in Turkey, while the number of Chinese tourists visiting Turkey
increased by over 60 percent to nearly 400,000 in 2018, data from the Ministry
of Commerce and Ministry of Culture and Tourism show.

The BRI, a connectivity and people-to-people interactions project, has ignited
new waves of development and business interests for countries and regions
related to the initiative, including Turkey, said Emin Onen, Turkish ambassador
to China.

Jiang Yiyi, director of the China Tourism Academy's International Tourism
Development Institute, observed "a noteworthy change of perception" among
Chinese tourists amid stronger diplomatic and economic ties between the two
countries.

"A growing number of Chinese visitors are searching for high-end products and
new services in Turkey," she said, adding besides cultural tours, health tours
and golf courses are becoming fairly popular among Chinese travelers, as well as
purchasing luxury goods.

With 2018 marked as Turkey Tourism Year across China, cultural exchanges between
the two countries have been intensified, Jiang said, adding Turkey still has
more potential to offer services that can attract tourists not only from China,
but also other Asian countries.

Eager to attract more Chinese visitors and introduce the country, Turkey has
made extensive preparations to leave its mark at the upcoming 2019 International
Horticultural Exhibition to be held in Beijing by showcasing different features
of its culture.

Starting on April 29, the 162-day expo in Beijing is poised to impress an
expected 16 million visitors from home and abroad with a huge collection of
plants, flowers and eye-catching pavilions, as well as ideas for green
development.

The Turkish pavilion was built over an area of 2,400 square meters, consisting
of nine different parts, said Tarik Sonmez, commissioner general of the Turkish
section of the expo.

An innovation space, a tunnel of endemic plants, as well as medicinal and
aromatic plants, and a garden featuring replicas of the private terraces of the
Ottoman Sultans are among the displays inside the pavilion.

"I believe all of these activities will contribute to Turkey's tourism in a
significant way," Sonmez added.

(China Daily 04/26/2019 page34)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/24/155624682873.jpg

a41f726b05111e2ca2c059.jpg


                             244 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 26, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Investing in Turkey's growing economy: A wise option for China, others

BODY:

Turkey and China have sweeping economic and trade relations and the strategic
location of Turkey offers lucrative opportunities for Chinese companies.

The following story was written by Arda Ermut, president of the Presidency of
the Republic of Turkey Investment Office.

Turkey and China have sweeping economic and trade relations and the strategic
location of Turkey offers lucrative opportunities for Chinese companies.

Today, with close relationships between the two countries, more than 1,000
Chinese companies are doing business in Turkey, including Industrial and
Commercial Bank of China, Bank of China, China Merchants Group, China Investment
Corp, shipping group COSCO and telecommunication giants Huawei and ZTE.

Turkey has plenty of advantages for international investors, including a
diversified economy that records high growth rates, a young population, an
entrepreneurial business ecosystem supported by reforms, and a strategic
location with lucrative export opportunities. Those advantages provide ample
opportunity for investors looking to step up their direct commitments abroad as
well as to grow their business operations both in Turkey and its surrounding
regions.

Turkey is the 13th largest economy in the world, according to GDP at purchasing
power parity in 2017, and has grown robustly with an average annual growth rate
of 5.5 percent from 2003 to 2018.

The growth rate earned Turkey the distinction of being the fastest growing
economy in Europe and one of the fastest in the world.

Turkey's favorable demographic structure has been a key driver of its growth.

With half of the country's population under the age of 32, Turkey stands out as
the country with the largest youth population in Europe.

The young population translates into a larger availability of skilled labor
force with an industrious working culture and cost-competitive edge, yet another
reason to invest in Turkey.

The economic growth in the last decade has paved the way for the emergence of a
sizable middle class with increasing purchasing power.

The domestic market is further supported by emerging urban centers across
Turkey. The number of such urban centers has reached 23, each with a population
surpassing 1 million.

From the perspective of logistics and cultural mix, Turkey is a prime location
to host headquarters for many multinational companies, thanks to its excellent
connectivity, unique setting and strong bonds with its neighbors.

Companies like Siemens, Nestle and Deutsche Bank have been operating in Turkey
for more than 100 years. An increasing number of companies from across the
world, looking for expansion into new markets, are finding a second home in
Turkey to manufacture, as well as design and engineer, for a combined market of
1.6 billion people within a four-hour flight radius.

Prominent Chinese companies have also invested in various sectors in Turkey. In
the banking sector, for example, two Chinese giant banks - ICBC and BOC -
operate in Turkey with full banking licenses. Chinese telecoms giants Huawei and
ZTE also have investments in Turkey.

Turkey is working together with China on the Belt and Road Initiative, as well.

The project will surely boost Turkey's stance within the region as an important
destination, hub, and port that can easily distribute goods to various
destinations in the Middle East, Europe, and North Africa thanks to its
proximity to each of them.

The new Istanbul Airport, which will eventually be one of the largest airports
in the world, opened its first phase in October 2018.

Istanbul Airport and other infrastructure investments such as the Marmaray, the
Eurasia Tunnel, the Osmangazi Bridge and the Yavuz Sultan Selim Bridge will
strengthen Turkey's central position as a global hub.

Investments in Turkey are strongly protected by both domestic and international
laws.

On top of the Foreign Direct Investment Law, enshrining equal treatment for
foreign and domestic investors, foreign investments in Turkey are also protected
by more than 75 bilateral investment promotion and protection treaties. In
addition, Turkey has also signed bilateral tax treaties with around 80 countries
to prevent double-taxation.

Turkey has become a country that has piqued the interest of global investors
thanks to its economic stability and structural reforms over the last decade and
a half. Even still, there is enormous untapped potential for international
companies looking to invest in Turkey.

Energy investments

Turkey's installed capacity in the energy sector exceeds 87 gigawatts thanks to
a threefold increase over the past decade and a half.

The country has recorded an average annual growth rate of 5.5 percent in energy
demand since 2002. Rising energy demand is expected to continue, and Turkey has
ambitious targets in energy regarding supply security, increasing shares of
renewables and local resources, and providing more predictable market
conditions.

In 2018, the Turkish Stream Project's two pipeline projects - each 939
kilometers long - were launched. The projects, slated to begin at the end of
2019, will deliver Russian natural gas across the Black Sea to Turkey and on to
Europe. It will account for 35 percent of Turkey's natural gas consumption.

Also, in 2018, Socar, the Azerbaijan state oil company, commissioned the Star
Refinery in Turkey, which is the largest single-place investment in the country.

More than 1,000 people will be employed in the refinery valued at $6 billion and
the project is expected to meet more than 25 percent of Turkey's refined
petroleum needs.

In June 2018, a third natural gas pipeline project, the Trans-Anatolian Natural
Gas Pipeline, also known as TANAP, was commissioned in Eskisehir Province of
Turkey.

TANAP will run from the border between Turkey and Georgia to that with Greece.
The 1,850 km pipeline will supply natural gas to both Turkey and Europe.

Turkey is also planning to increase its production of renewable energy, both in
solar and wind.

As part of its ambitious target to increase clean energy production, Turkey made
1 GW solar and 1 GW wind renewable energy zone tenders in 2017. The new energy
zone tenders are models to incentivize large investments and local manufacturing
of renewable energy equipment.

Driving automotive exports

With more than 1 million vehicles rolled out a year, Turkey - the 14th largest
auto producer in the world and the largest vehicle source to the European Union
- plays an active role in the global automotive sector.

Turkey's geographic proximity to Europe, Asia and the Middle East and North
Africa, gives the country a strong competitive advantage in logistics and
provides lucrative export opportunities for multinational companies in the
automotive sector.

A look at Turkey's yearly export volume of $168.1 billion in 2018 shows the
automotive sector headed the list accounting for $31.6 billion.

Thanks to the export-oriented nature of the Turkish automotive industry,
automotive giants are almost always on the top 10 lists of corporate exporters
in Turkey. In 2018, four of the top five exporters in the country were
automotive companies.

In 2018, a joint-venture consisting of five Turkish conglomerates along with the
Union of Chambers and Commodity Exchanges of Turkey was established to
manufacture the first domestically-produced car.

The car will run on the roads by 2022 and is expected to contribute 50 billion
euros ($56.58 billion) to the country's GDP and 7 billion euros to current
deficit, while providing employment to 20,000 people.

About Invest in Turkey

Presidency of the Republic of Turkey Investment Office, namely Invest in Turkey,
is the official organization for promoting Turkey's investment opportunities to
the global business community and for providing assistance to investors before,
during and after their entry into Turkey.

With the capacity to produce up to 8 gigawatts of wind energy, Turkey ranks
sixth among European Union countries in 2018. Provided to China Daily

(China Daily 04/26/2019 page34)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/65/155624682980.jpg

a41f726b05111e2ca2dd5a.jpg


                             245 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 26, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Closer ties good for business, conclude China and Austria

BYLINE: Zhong Nan

BODY:

China and Austria will continue to diversify economic cooperation and build
stronger trade ties in 2019 to develop the Belt and Road Initiative and the
Central and Eastern Europe market, said experts and officials.

Countries benefiting from increased trade volume, worth about $9.75 billion in
2018

China and Austria will continue to diversify economic cooperation and build
stronger trade ties in 2019 to develop the Belt and Road Initiative and the
Central and Eastern Europe market, said experts and officials.

"The enhanced trade ties between China and Austria will bring a win-win
situation as China has a profound market for imports from Austria, which can
raise local employment," said Sang Baichuan, director of the Institute of
International Economy at the University of International Business and Economics
in Beijing.

Sang said both countries have space to expand trade and investment, and deepen
cooperation in fields including advanced manufacturing, modern service,
environmental protection and urbanization this year.

Trade volume between China and Austria jumped 16.2 percent year-on-year to about
$9.75 billion in 2018. China remained one of Austria's top five trade partners.
The others are Germany, Italy, the United States and Switzerland, data from the
Ministry of Commerce show.

China exports mainly construction machinery, computers, transport equipment,
chemical products, raw materials, electronics, textiles, garments and household
appliances to Austria. Austrian shipments to China include auto and machinery
parts, power-generating equipment, general industrial machinery, measuring and
control instruments and textile fibers.

Austria's location in the center of Europe, its innovation-based economic model,
and supportive policies to develop markets related to the Belt and Road
Initiative can be used for cooperation with China, said Yin Zonghua,
vice-chairman of the China Council for the Promotion of International Trade.

"Austria can provide expertise via infrastructure solutions to the application
of the BRI, such as in transport, logistics, green technologies and energy
solutions," said Gu Xuebin, vice-president of the Beijing-based Chinese Academy
of International Trade and Economic Cooperation.

He said Austrian technologies can be exported to China, ranging from automation,
nanotechnology, robotics, green technology, aspects of healthcare such as
nursing, to more local industries such as wood and woodbuilding, and even cable
cars. Austrian technologies can also help China prepare for the 2022 Winter
Olympics in Beijing.

Eager to enhance their development, China and Austria agreed to establish a
Sino-Austrian strategic partnership and signed 11 intergovernmental cooperation
documents in tech innovation and BRI development last April. This created more
opportunities for Chinese companies to enhance economic links with Austria.

There are many activities in high-tech cooperation between companies. Chinese
tech giant Huawei Technologies and Austrian Federal Railways announced in
February that they have strengthened their partnership to advance digitalization
on the railway.

The Austrian railway operator will team up with Huawei to develop innovative
solutions that will optimize the operational efficiency while offering
passengers more security and comfort.

The two sides will install a pilot system in Austria to test solutions for
various elements of railway operations. They have been working together in
digital transformation since 2016.

Christian Sagmeister, head of the railway systems division at Austria's largest
mobility service provider, said that further digitalization will benefit both
its passengers and business clients.

Wang Jun, a researcher at the Beijing-based China Center for International
Economic Exchanges, said Austria has close connections with Central and Eastern
Europe countries. Austrian businesses have also been leading investors in CEE
countries and have established a market network there.

Attracted by this, Chinese companies such as China Electronics Technology Group
and China Railway Rolling Stock Corp's Zhuzhou branch set up their European
headquarters in Austria. Bank of China has established a branch in Vienna over
the past several years.

Official data from the Ministry of Commerce show Austrian investment to China
amounted to $2.14 billion by the end of 2018 and Chinese companies invested a
total of $1.04 million in Austria by the end of last year.

zhongnan@chinadaily.com.cn

Left: The picturesque landscape of Austria makes it a popular destination for
tourists, including those from China. Peng Nian / For China Daily Right:
Students from Austria have a hands-on tour of a vinegar factory in Zhenjiang,
Jiangsu province. Yang Yu / For China Daily

(China Daily 04/26/2019 page30)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/96/155624683237.jpg

a41f726b05111e2ca1584d.jpg


                             246 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 26, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: China, Saudi Arabia strengthen economic ties

BYLINE: Yuan Shenggao

BODY:

China and Saudi Arabia will have stronger trade relations and economic
cooperation in 2019, said commerce officials and business leaders from both
countries.

Oil, infrastructure and tech among industries set to benefit from strong
partnerships between nations' companies

China and Saudi Arabia will have stronger trade relations and economic
cooperation in 2019, said commerce officials and business leaders from both
countries.

The optimistic outlook comes thanks to the two countries' shared economic
interests and after both sides also reached deep consensus on the development of
the Belt and Road Initiative.

While oil trade lies at the heart of business ties between China and Saudi
Arabia, the middle eastern nation's desire to upgrade its infrastructure has
brought more opportunities for Chinese project contractors and manufacturers,
said Yu Jianlong, secretary-general of Beijing-based China Chamber of
International Commerce.

The infrastructure projects Saudi Arabia hopes to improve include roads,
airports, oil tankers, offshore engineering facilities and container ports.

Saudi companies also want to jointly explore third-party markets with China to
further develop BRI cooperation, Yu said.

He added the recent visit by Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman to
China represents a positive step forward for the entire Middle East region.

China-Saudi Arabia trade jumped 32 percent year-on-year to $61.4 billion in
2018.

China, in the meantime, remained the Arabic country's biggest trade partner by
volume, according to data from the Ministry of Commerce in China.

China mainly ships construction machinery, vessels, manufacturing equipment,
steel, electronic products, textiles, garments and household appliances to Saudi
Arabia. Chinese-made passenger vehicles and trucks have also become popular in
the region.

In addition to crude oil, petrochemicals, fertilizer and other products, Saudi
Arabia also exports to China metallic ore, aquatic products, marble, olive oil
and sesame.

The potential for trade between China and countries involved in the BRI is
continually being developed, said Chen Wenling, chief economist at the China
Center for International Economic Exchanges.

New trade relations will serve as the engine for China's economic and
technological development, especially in areas like 5G, autonomous driving and
smart city development. Chen said these technologies are developing rapidly in
China.

Pan-Asia PET Resin (Guangzhou), one of the biggest polyethylene terephthalate,
or PET, chip producers in terms of annual production volume in Guangdong
province, secured its $3.2 billion petrochemical and chemical fiber project in
Saudi Arabia at the end of last year. These moves came as the Chinese company
rapidly moved forward in its preparation for the project.

This phase is expected to be finalized in the third quarter of 2020.

Located in the Jazan City for Primary and Downstream Industries, a newly
developed industrial zone in the southwestern corner of Saudi Arabia, the
project will be developed in three phases.

When all three phases come online, the project will have a production capacity
of 2.5 million metric tons per annum of purified terephthalic acid, 1 million
mtpa of PET, 200,000 mtpa of polybutylene terephthalate and 200 kilotons per
annum of polyester film.

Lin Wencai, general manager of Pan-Asia Saudi, said Saudi Arabia has one of the
largest proven oil reserves in the world.

The size of their oil reserves gives the company a significant energy cost
savings advantage.

The JCPDI is located at the intersection of Europe, Asia and Africa, and has
transportation avenues from the Red Sea to the Suez Canal.

Those avenues allow Pan-Asia to better serve the European, North African and
Central Asian markets, said Lin. Beyond the energy sector, Chinese tech giant
Huawei Technologies opened its first flagship store in Saudi Arabia.

By partnering with the Saudi government, Huawei is also working to develop local
talent through its training initiatives, which aim to train 10,000 Saudi staff
members, both male and female, by 2020.

In addition to Chinese companies from the private sector, State-owned
enterprises such as Sinochem Group and China Communications Construction have
also diversified their operation strategies in Saudi Arabia and other markets in
the Middle East.

The companies have transformed from goods and equipment suppliers to
full-fledged construction project providers and investors, said Peng Huagang,
secretary-general of the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
Commission. Supported by technology and capital, Saudi companies have been known
to invest in China's fast-growing energy sector to meet its surging demand for
both refined and crude oil, as well as new refining technologies.

Saudi Arabian Oil, or Saudi Aramco, one of the world's top oil exporters,
formalized plans to build a 300,000-barrel-per-day refining and petrochemical
complex with Chinese partners in Panjin, Northeast China's Liaoning province, in
February.

Amin H. Nasser, president and CEO of Saudi Aramco, said the new complex is a
clear demonstration of Saudi Aramco's strategy to move beyond a buyer-seller
relationship to one that makes significant investments to contribute to China's
economic growth and development.

"Our participation in the integrated refining and petrochemical project in
Panjin will strengthen our collaborative efforts to enhance energy security and
revitalize key growth sectors and industries in Liaoning," Nasser said.

"It will also help us meet rising demand for products and goods in China's
Northeast region."

Visitors are attracted by products and services at the China booth during an
industrial expo in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Tu Yifan / Xinhua

(China Daily 04/26/2019 page29)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/35/155624683246.jpg

a41f726b05111e2ca0aa48.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/62/155624683269.jpg

a41f726b05111e2ca0b449.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/33/155624683285.jpg

a41f726b05111e2ca0bd4a.jpg


                             247 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 26, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Closer ties good for business, conclude China and Austria

BYLINE: Zhong Nan

BODY:

China and Austria will continue to diversify economic cooperation and build
stronger trade ties in 2019 to develop the Belt and Road Initiative and the
Central and Eastern Europe market, said experts and officials.

Countries benefiting from increased trade volume, worth about $9.75 billion in
2018

China and Austria will continue to diversify economic cooperation and build
stronger trade ties in 2019 to develop the Belt and Road Initiative and the
Central and Eastern Europe market, said experts and officials.

"The enhanced trade ties between China and Austria will bring a win-win
situation as China has a profound market for imports from Austria, which can
raise local employment," said Sang Baichuan, director of the Institute of
International Economy at the University of International Business and Economics
in Beijing.

Sang said both countries have space to expand trade and investment, and deepen
cooperation in fields including advanced manufacturing, modern service,
environmental protection and urbanization this year.

Trade volume between China and Austria jumped 16.2 percent year-on-year to about
$9.75 billion in 2018. China remained one of Austria's top five trade partners.
The others are Germany, Italy, the United States and Switzerland, data from the
Ministry of Commerce show.

China exports mainly construction machinery, computers, transport equipment,
chemical products, raw materials, electronics, textiles, garments and household
appliances to Austria. Austrian shipments to China include auto and machinery
parts, power-generating equipment, general industrial machinery, measuring and
control instruments and textile fibers.

Austria's location in the center of Europe, its innovation-based economic model,
and supportive policies to develop markets related to the Belt and Road
Initiative can be used for cooperation with China, said Yin Zonghua,
vice-chairman of the China Council for the Promotion of International Trade.

"Austria can provide expertise via infrastructure solutions to the application
of the BRI, such as in transport, logistics, green technologies and energy
solutions," said Gu Xuebin, vice-president of the Beijing-based Chinese Academy
of International Trade and Economic Cooperation.

He said Austrian technologies can be exported to China, ranging from automation,
nanotechnology, robotics, green technology, aspects of healthcare such as
nursing, to more local industries such as wood and woodbuilding, and even cable
cars. Austrian technologies can also help China prepare for the 2022 Winter
Olympics in Beijing.

Eager to enhance their development, China and Austria agreed to establish a
Sino-Austrian strategic partnership and signed 11 intergovernmental cooperation
documents in tech innovation and BRI development last April. This created more
opportunities for Chinese companies to enhance economic links with Austria.

There are many activities in high-tech cooperation between companies. Chinese
tech giant Huawei Technologies and Austrian Federal Railways announced in
February that they have strengthened their partnership to advance digitalization
on the railway.

The Austrian railway operator will team up with Huawei to develop innovative
solutions that will optimize the operational efficiency while offering
passengers more security and comfort.

The two sides will install a pilot system in Austria to test solutions for
various elements of railway operations. They have been working together in
digital transformation since 2016.

Christian Sagmeister, head of the railway systems division at Austria's largest
mobility service provider, said that further digitalization will benefit both
its passengers and business clients.

Wang Jun, a researcher at the Beijing-based China Center for International
Economic Exchanges, said Austria has close connections with Central and Eastern
Europe countries. Austrian businesses have also been leading investors in CEE
countries and have established a market network there.

Attracted by this, Chinese companies such as China Electronics Technology Group
and China Railway Rolling Stock Corp's Zhuzhou branch set up their European
headquarters in Austria. Bank of China has established a branch in Vienna over
the past several years.

Official data from the Ministry of Commerce show Austrian investment to China
amounted to $2.14 billion by the end of 2018 and Chinese companies invested a
total of $1.04 million in Austria by the end of last year.

zhongnan@chinadaily.com.cn

Left: The picturesque landscape of Austria makes it a popular destination for
tourists, including those from China. Peng Nian / For China Daily Right:
Students from Austria have a hands-on tour of a vinegar factory in Zhenjiang,
Jiangsu province. Yang Yu / For China Daily

(China Daily 04/26/2019 page30)


                             248 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 26, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: China, Saudi Arabia strengthen economic ties

BYLINE: Yuan Shenggao

BODY:

China and Saudi Arabia will have stronger trade relations and economic
cooperation in 2019, said commerce officials and business leaders from both
countries.

Oil, infrastructure and tech among industries set to benefit from strong
partnerships between nations' companies

China and Saudi Arabia will have stronger trade relations and economic
cooperation in 2019, said commerce officials and business leaders from both
countries.

The optimistic outlook comes thanks to the two countries' shared economic
interests and after both sides also reached deep consensus on the development of
the Belt and Road Initiative.

While oil trade lies at the heart of business ties between China and Saudi
Arabia, the middle eastern nation's desire to upgrade its infrastructure has
brought more opportunities for Chinese project contractors and manufacturers,
said Yu Jianlong, secretary-general of Beijing-based China Chamber of
International Commerce.

The infrastructure projects Saudi Arabia hopes to improve include roads,
airports, oil tankers, offshore engineering facilities and container ports.

Saudi companies also want to jointly explore third-party markets with China to
further develop BRI cooperation, Yu said.

He added the recent visit by Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman to
China represents a positive step forward for the entire Middle East region.

China-Saudi Arabia trade jumped 32 percent year-on-year to $61.4 billion in
2018.

China, in the meantime, remained the Arabic country's biggest trade partner by
volume, according to data from the Ministry of Commerce in China.

China mainly ships construction machinery, vessels, manufacturing equipment,
steel, electronic products, textiles, garments and household appliances to Saudi
Arabia. Chinese-made passenger vehicles and trucks have also become popular in
the region.

In addition to crude oil, petrochemicals, fertilizer and other products, Saudi
Arabia also exports to China metallic ore, aquatic products, marble, olive oil
and sesame.

The potential for trade between China and countries involved in the BRI is
continually being developed, said Chen Wenling, chief economist at the China
Center for International Economic Exchanges.

New trade relations will serve as the engine for China's economic and
technological development, especially in areas like 5G, autonomous driving and
smart city development. Chen said these technologies are developing rapidly in
China.

Pan-Asia PET Resin (Guangzhou), one of the biggest polyethylene terephthalate,
or PET, chip producers in terms of annual production volume in Guangdong
province, secured its $3.2 billion petrochemical and chemical fiber project in
Saudi Arabia at the end of last year. These moves came as the Chinese company
rapidly moved forward in its preparation for the project.

This phase is expected to be finalized in the third quarter of 2020.

Located in the Jazan City for Primary and Downstream Industries, a newly
developed industrial zone in the southwestern corner of Saudi Arabia, the
project will be developed in three phases.

When all three phases come online, the project will have a production capacity
of 2.5 million metric tons per annum of purified terephthalic acid, 1 million
mtpa of PET, 200,000 mtpa of polybutylene terephthalate and 200 kilotons per
annum of polyester film.

Lin Wencai, general manager of Pan-Asia Saudi, said Saudi Arabia has one of the
largest proven oil reserves in the world.

The size of their oil reserves gives the company a significant energy cost
savings advantage.

The JCPDI is located at the intersection of Europe, Asia and Africa, and has
transportation avenues from the Red Sea to the Suez Canal.

Those avenues allow Pan-Asia to better serve the European, North African and
Central Asian markets, said Lin. Beyond the energy sector, Chinese tech giant
Huawei Technologies opened its first flagship store in Saudi Arabia.

By partnering with the Saudi government, Huawei is also working to develop local
talent through its training initiatives, which aim to train 10,000 Saudi staff
members, both male and female, by 2020.

In addition to Chinese companies from the private sector, State-owned
enterprises such as Sinochem Group and China Communications Construction have
also diversified their operation strategies in Saudi Arabia and other markets in
the Middle East.

The companies have transformed from goods and equipment suppliers to
full-fledged construction project providers and investors, said Peng Huagang,
secretary-general of the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
Commission. Supported by technology and capital, Saudi companies have been known
to invest in China's fast-growing energy sector to meet its surging demand for
both refined and crude oil, as well as new refining technologies.

Saudi Arabian Oil, or Saudi Aramco, one of the world's top oil exporters,
formalized plans to build a 300,000-barrel-per-day refining and petrochemical
complex with Chinese partners in Panjin, Northeast China's Liaoning province, in
February.

Amin H. Nasser, president and CEO of Saudi Aramco, said the new complex is a
clear demonstration of Saudi Aramco's strategy to move beyond a buyer-seller
relationship to one that makes significant investments to contribute to China's
economic growth and development.

"Our participation in the integrated refining and petrochemical project in
Panjin will strengthen our collaborative efforts to enhance energy security and
revitalize key growth sectors and industries in Liaoning," Nasser said.

"It will also help us meet rising demand for products and goods in China's
Northeast region."

Visitors are attracted by products and services at the China booth during an
industrial expo in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Tu Yifan / Xinhua

(China Daily 04/26/2019 page29)


                             249 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 26, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Bolstering the Belt and Road Initiative through green finance

BYLINE: Yao Wang and Christoph Nedopil Wang

BODY:

This year, the Ministry of Ecology and Environment, together with four other
ministries, released the "Guidance on Promoting a Green Belt and Road".
Realizing this ambition requires green finance - the full range of financial
services that support the transformation to an environmentally and
climate-friendly economy.

Green finance in China has seen strong development based on the "Guidelines for
Establishing a Green Financial System" published by the People's Bank of China
(the country's central bank) and six other government agencies in 2016. In 2018,
the Chinese green bond market became the second largest in the world - after the
United States - with the issuance of $30 billion.

Scaling and accelerating these experiences to greening the Belt and Road
Initiative is a long-term but achievable goal. Failing to green the Belt and
Road would have potentially catastrophic climate impacts.

Unique chance to promote green tech development

Using green finance to green the Belt and Road is a unique opportunity to scale
green technological development in the more than 100 participating Belt and Road
countries. Since it was proposed in 2013, the initiative has seen investments in
many sectors, particularly in energy (about 38 percent) and transport (about 27
percent), according to data from the American Enterprise Institute.

As the energy and transport sectors are the two biggest emitters of greenhouse
gases worldwide, accounting for about 50 percent and 20 percent, respectively,
of the total emissions in 2014, as per International Energy Association data,
reducing emissions from these two sectors, while providing new economic growth
opportunities, is one of the main challenges and opportunities for Belt and Road
green finance.

With significant investments in green energy technology, energy production has
seen a green revolution. According to a study by Lazard, the annualized
levelized cost of energy for solar photovoltaic and wind energy have dropped by
88 percent and 69 percent, respectively, from 2009 to 2018, while the costs for
coal and nuclear power have increased by 9 percent and 23 percent, respectively.

Chinese investments have contributed to the technological advances and price
drops in green energy with companies such as Goldwind and United Power in wind
turbines, Trina Solar and Yingli Solar in solar energy, and BYD and Huawei in
energy storage and management. Investing in green energy technologies, and
making them available to participating Belt and Road economies would generate
green energy at affordable prices.

Similar to successful financing of green energy, investments in the transport
sector are leading to a green mobility revolution: Electrification, automation,
sharing mobility and digitalization are already changing the way people and
goods are transported.

However, compared with energy, green finance for transportation is more complex,
for two reasons. First, green mobility still has a higher price tag than
traditional mobility: paved roads are cheaper than subway tunnels, investments
in private mobility companies have higher financial returns than in public
transportation, and freight companies make money by delivering billions of
packages from online shopping.

Consumers need to make informed choices

Second, investing in green transport involves more complex stakeholder
interactions: creating policy incentives for green finance in mobility involves
not only investors and operators, but also has an impact on daily consumer
choices. While consumers don't experience the difference between green and
traditional energy when powering their refrigerator, they need to make a choice
between a greener bus and a less green car - which directly impacts the risks
for and returns on green investments.

Greening transport therefore requires a complex mixture of green finance and
green policy. According to the World Bank, combining finance and policy would
make green transport investments both cheaper and less risky, lowering green
transport investment needs from about $1,060 billion to about $417 billion per
year in emerging economies.

China has accumulated experience in mixing policy and finance for green
transport and developed leading green mobility technologies, particularly in
electric vehicles' mobility. These experiences, for example from Shenzhen that
financed and now operates 17,000 electric buses and 4,600 electric taxis, or
from China Railway Corporation that invested in the construction and operation
of the 29,000-kilometer high-speed rail network, can be useful for greening the
BRI.

Challenges for green finance

Many investors have more experiences in evaluating risks and returns of older
rather than new technologies. Accordingly, a World Resources Institute study
found that between 2014 and 2017, about 60 percent of energy projects in
participating Belt and Road economies financed by the China Development Bank and
the Export and Import Bank of China went to traditional coal and gas-fired power
plants, and only 15 percent to renewable energy projects (the rest went to
nuclear energy and energy transmission projects).

Another challenge to finance a green Belt and Road is disparities in green and
sustainable finance taxonomy. For example, while the National Development and
Reform Commission's Chinese green industry catalogue includes green coal and
Chinese Belt and Road investments adhere to the host country principle that
let's Belt and Road countries decide on their own energy generation
technologies, Western green finance principles don't include coal.

Finally, many government policies don't fully incentivize green finance. For
example, governments in China, Russia and Egypt continue to subsidize fossil
fuel consumption, while incentives for green technologies are often changing in
the short term, and pricing mechanisms for greenhouse gas emissions are mostly
lacking.

Greening the Belt and Road is a long-term project that requires immediate
action. If Chinese and international funds are used on green technologies with
greater priority in the Belt and Road countries, they would definitely have a
big positive impact on green growth. These green investments would in turn allow
BRI countries to avoid the brown trap of emission-intense infrastructure, and
help them to leapfrog to a green and more prosperous development.

Yao Wang is director-general of the International Institute of Green Finance,
Central University of Finance and Economics, Beijing, and Christoph Nedopil Wang
is director of Green Belt and Road Initiative, International Institute of Green
Finance at the same university.

(China Daily 04/26/2019 page8)


                             250 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            April 25, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Huawei reportedly gets nod to help build British 5G network

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

The United Kingdom has given the green light to Chinese telecom giant Huawei
Technologies Co to help build the country's next generation mobile communication
technology network, said the Daily Telegraph newspaper.

The UK's National Security Council, which is chaired by Prime Minister Theresa
May, agreed on Tuesday to allow Huawei limited access to help build parts of its
5G network such as antennas and other "noncore" infrastructure, the report said,
without citing sources.

Analysts said the news sends a positive signal to Huawei, as entry into the UK's
5G network is highly likely to invite wider recognition in Europe and help
reduce security concerns toward the Chinese company.

Huawei said in an emailed statement to China Daily that it welcomes reports that
the UK government is moving toward allowing it in the country's 5G network.

An engineer works at a Huawei laboratory in the United Kingdom. Xinhua

"This green light means that UK businesses and consumers will have access to the
fastest and most reliable networks thanks to Huawei's cutting-edge technology,"
Huawei said.

The Shenzhen-based company said it is awaiting a formal government announcement
and it is pleased that the UK is continuing to take an evidence-based approach
to its work.

As the world's largest telecom equipment maker and a leading smartphone vendor,
Huawei is facing cyber security allegations in some foreign markets, including
the United States. The company has repeatedly said such allegations are
groundless and not supported by factual evidence.

The news came after Financial Times reported in February that the UK National
Cyber Security Centre had determined that there are ways to limit potential
risks from using Huawei in future 5G ultrafast networks.

Belgian newspaper De Standard also reported earlier that The Center for
Cybersecurity Belgium has found no evidence that telecoms equipment supplied by
Huawei could be used for spying.

Xiang Ligang, director-general of the Information Consumption Alliance, said the
UK is in a better position than many countries to judge whether Huawei poses
security risks, since it has a monitoring body that has been checking the
company's products for years.

"But it still remains to be seen whether Huawei can be allowed in the UK's core
infrastructure for the 5G network," Xiang said.

Despite the ongoing challenges, Huawei said it expects to post double-digit
growth in its carrier business unit this year, as the Chinese company believes
that global investment into 5G will be value-driven, reliable and generate more
growth opportunities.

Hu Houkun, rotating chairman at Huawei, said last week that it had so far
secured 40 commercial 5G network contracts, up from 30 announced in late
January, and it has shipped more than 70,000 5G base stations, up from 40,000
announced in late February.

In the first quarter of this year, it posted 179.7 billion yuan ($26.8 billion)
in revenue, representing year-on-year growth of 39 percent.

The company's first quarter net profit margin stood at about 8 percent, slightly
higher than the same period last year.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 04/25/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/94/155615328129.jpg

a41f726719b21e2b3e130e.jpg


                             251 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            April 24, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Seven cities named for Unicom's 5G trial network

BYLINE: He Wei in Shanghai

BODY:

China Unicom announced on Tuesday the launch of its 5G trial network in seven
cities, further pushing the nation to the global forefront of this key
technology infrastructure.

Transformation 'will usher in era where everything is smartly connected'

China Unicom announced on Tuesday the launch of its 5G trial network in seven
cities, further pushing the nation to the global forefront of this key
technology infrastructure.

Consistent coverage of the superfast network is being achieved in cities such as
Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Nanjing and Hangzhou, as well as
Xiongan, an emerging area planned to undertake Beijing's non-capital functions,
according to Wang Xiaochu, chairman of the China's second-largest telecom
carrier by subscriber numbers.

In addition, China Unicom's 5G network covers selected areas in 33 cities, with
wider deployment of 5G private industrial networks in more cities dedicated for
specific purposes, Wang said at a conference in Shanghai.

"5G is not only a technology upgrade of mobile communications. It is a
transformation that will usher in an era where everything is smartly connected,
thus creating new business opportunities," he said.

Wang called for open innovation in making 5G breakthroughs, through concerted
efforts by equipment makers, industrial funds and even other telecom carriers.

To this end, China Unicom has established a 5G application alliance bringing
together 32 industrial players including automaker Dongfeng Motor, heavy
industry manufacturer ZPMC, equipment maker Huawei and internet company Alibaba.

Major initiatives under the alliance include raising 10 billion yuan ($1.48
billion) to incubate 5G-related projects and nurturing 20 specialized companies
along the 5G industrial chain.

Key components of China's 5G industrial chain now stand "ready for
commercialization", with substantial progress being made in fields such as the
industrial internet, connected cars, smart Winter Olympics and intelligent
healthcare solutions, said Zhang Feng, chief engineer of the Ministry of
Industry and Information Technology.

Shanghai Aircraft Manufacturing Co, part of aerospace manufacturer Commercial
Aircraft Corp of China, is looking to leverage the combination of 5G, artificial
intelligence and cloud computing to upgrade its industrial park and facilitate
the building of China's indigenous aircraft, said general manager Yu Zemin.

On the same occasion, China Unicom also signed a Memorandum of Understanding
with the Shanghai municipal government, pledging to invest a total of 15 billion
yuan by 2021 to help advance 5G networks and explore more application scenarios.

The city, which already hosts 500 5G stations, is looking to build itself into a
5G pioneering venue. It aims to construct 10,000 5G base stations by the end of
this year and 30,000 by 2021, said Zhang Jianming, deputy director of the
Shanghai Municipal Economic and Informatization Commission, the local telecom
and industry regulator.

"We will encourage 5G-related companies to get listed on the (upcoming) science
and technology innovation board. Meanwhile, a three-year plan guiding the
municipality's 5G development is also in the making and will be released soon,"
he said.

In March, rival China Mobile facilitated the building of the world's first
district with both 5G coverage and a broadband gigabit network in Shanghai.

China Mobile said in December it plans to jumpstart 5G scale trials in 17 cities
this year, while fellow mobile carrier China Telecom also pledged in September
to start scale trials of 5G applications in 17 cities and aim to launch
commercial 5G services in 2020.

According to research house Analysys Mason, China has a narrow lead over South
Korea and the United States in overall 5G readiness. It attributes the nation's
advantage to a combination of positive government policies and industry
momentum.

Ma Si in Beijing contributed to this story.

hewei@chinadaily.com.cn

A technician demonstrates how to operate a 5G enabled driving system while a boy
looks on during an industry expo in Shanghai. Xinhua

(China Daily 04/24/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/98/155606686769.jpg

a41f726b05111e29e2aa03.jpg


                             252 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 23, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: What's news

BODY:

ETF-related agreement signed in Shanghai

The Shanghai Stock Exchange signed a connectivity agreement with Japan
Securities Group on Monday to allow cross-listing of exchange-traded funds in
the bourses of both countries. Under this ETF connect mechanism, qualified
domestic institutional investors and qualified foreign institutional investors
in China and Japan will set up cross-border funds to invest in the ETF products
in the other country. In this sense, investors can realize cross-border
investment in lower costs. The agreement was signed on the first China-Japan
capital market forum held in Shanghai on Monday.

Huawei revenue rises by 39% in first quarter

Huawei Technologies Co said on Monday that it posted 179.7 billion yuan ($26.8
billion) in revenue in the first quarter, marking a year-on-year growth of 39
percent. The company's net profit margin in the first quarter was about 8
percent, slightly higher than the same period last year. Huawei said in a
statement that it maintained its focus on information communication technology
infrastructure and smart devices, and continued to boost the efficiency and
quality of its operations, which has helped contribute to its solid performance
in the first quarter. This year will see a large-scale deployment of 5G around
the world, meaning that Huawei's carrier business group, which chiefly involves
supplying telecom equipment and services to telecom carriers around the world,
has see unprecedented opportunities for growth, the company added.

Institute to study hydrogen, green tech

Japan's Toyota Motor Corp said on Sunday it is setting up a research institute
in Beijing in partnership with Tsinghua University to study car technology using
hydrogen power and other green technologies that could ease environmental
problems in China. The initiative, outlined by Toyota President and Chief
Executive Akio Toyoda in a speech at Tsinghua University, is part of the
Japanese carmaker's efforts to share more technology with China as it seeks to
expand its business in the country by beefing up manufacturing capacity and
distribution channels.

CNPC overseas equity oil, gas output up in Q1

Overseas equity of oil and gas production of China National Petroleum Corp rose
10 percent year-on-year in the first quarter of 2019. Production came in at
26.09 million metric tons of oil equivalent in Q1, according to the
international branch of CNPC. The stable growth of oil and gas output is due to
efforts made in enhancing quality, lowering cost and increasing efficiency, CNPC
said.

China Daily - Agencies

(China Daily 04/23/2019 page14)


                             253 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 22, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Expo shows dynamics in largest car market

BYLINE: Li Fusheng

BODY:

The biennial Shanghai auto show, one of China's two most important motoring
events, has attracted around 1,000 carmakers and auto suppliers worldwide to
showcase latest products or present renewed strategies, offering a glimpse into
the kaleidoscope of the world's largest and most vibrant auto market.

Global carmakers, local brands and new players aim for edge in competitive
landscape

The biennial Shanghai auto show, one of China's two most important motoring
events, has attracted around 1,000 carmakers and auto suppliers worldwide to
showcase latest products or present renewed strategies, offering a glimpse into
the kaleidoscope of the world's largest and most vibrant auto market.

Something that the vast assortment of automakers share is their conviction on
the prospects of electrification and autonomous driving technologies.

Almost all of the 100 vehicles that made their global debuts at the ongoing
event, be they international or Chinese brands, feature some form of electrified
powertrains and at least Level 2 autonomous functions.

Sales of new energy vehicles in China accounted for half of the global total
last year, and the Chinese authorities want half of new vehicles sold in 2020 to
feature some extent of automation.

Future lies in China

Volkswagen AG, the world's largest carmaker by sales volume, said it will secure
its future success by recognizing China as the powerhouse of the automotive
world.

"Nowhere else can you experience this electric revolution than in China. Here,
e-mobility is accelerating at a tremendous speed," said Volkswagen AG CEO
Herbert Diess.

"People's mindsets and governmental guidelines are more positive toward e-cars
than in any other country," said Diess. He said the car group plans to deliver
22 million new energy vehicles by 2028, with more than 50 percent coming from
China.

Skoda and Audi, Volkswagen subsidiaries targeted at different customer groups,
are presenting electric and autonomous concepts: the Skoda Vision iV and the
Audi AI: ME.

Though Audi did not specify the year of the Level 4 vehicle's volume production,
Skoda's Level 3 concept will become a reality in 2020, according to its CEO
Bernhard Maier.

Toyota held global debuts of its electric C-HR and Izoa vehicles at the auto
show, which are expected to hit the market in 2020, and Ford is to introduce 10
new energy models in three years as part of its blueprint to seek a turnaround
in the country.

BMW's iNEXT is a highlight at the premium carmaker's booth where up to 10 new
models are displayed. The electric SUV with a range of 600 kilometers and Level
3 autonomous technology is scheduled to soon drive into daily lives from its
Dingolfing plant in Germany.

China is expected to continue to be the most important market for BMW's latest
models, as it has been for the past few years. The group is planning to
introduce 25 models in China this year alone, one of the largest product
offensives in BMW's history.

Going global

With international brands touting "in China for China", Chinese carmakers are
sparing no efforts in their attempts to go global by offering better products.

BAIC Group, partner of Daimler and Hyundai, unveiled three models under its
high-end electric brand Arcfox, pursuing extreme performance, human-centered
features and borderless design.

Arcfox's first production model is to hit the market in 2020, and future models
are to be sold globally, according to one of its executives.

The brand is the result of BAIC's accumulation of expertise in new energy
vehicles in the past few years with three major partners - Daimler, Huawei and
Magna - helping in the brand's development, said BAIC Chairman Xu Heyi.

He said Arcfox represents the efforts of the group's three-pillar strategy that
covers premium and high-quality, innovative and signature products.

Great Wall Motor, China's largest SUV and pickup maker, is showing its latest
SUVs, pickups and electrified vehicles at the auto show.

Its concept Vision 2025, featuring 5G and autonomous driving, incorporates the
combined results of its eight research and development facilities worldwide.

Wei Jianjun, the company's chairman, said Chinese carmakers must go overseas if
they do not want to vanish in China.

He said Great Wall Motor is on par with international brands in terms of quality
but doesn't enjoy the same reputation, and that's the first problem it will
resolve when going global.

Hongqi, whose parent company FAW is determined to develop into China's top
premium brand, is making rapid progress since the release of a new strategy in
January 2018.

It has 16 exhibits at the auto show, including the HS5 SUV, the electric E-H3
and the intelligent cabin that was unveiled at the Consumer Electronics Show in
Las Vegas earlier this year.

"We believe Hongqi will come onto the world stage in a more confident and
graceful way, and help fuel China's automotive industry's effort to go upward as
a whole," said FAW Chairman Xu Liuping in an earlier interview.

New players

The auto show is also a gathering for new players that are trying to get
established in the competitive market.

Enovate, a startup brand founded by former Volkswagen executive Zhang Hailiang,
announced the presale of its first model, the ME7 SUV, which made its debut last
year in Guangzhou, Guangdong province.

The startup said it had just finished its series A funding round, raising 2
billion yuan and bringing its total funds to 6.5 billion yuan for its plan to
produce smart electric vehicles.

Enovate said it has started to build its online and brick-and-mortar network. It
has announced plans to help build charging facilities in the country.

Grove, which claims to be the first carmaker in the world to focus on hydrogen
vehicles, is presenting three models at the Shanghai auto show, with volume
production expected to start in 2020.

The startup, based in Wuhan, Hubei province, said the vehicles can run more than
1,000 kilometers on a single tank of hydrogen and can be refilled in minutes.

Grove said its dealerships will open in China's tier-one cities in 2020,
tier-two cities in 2021 and then throughout other big cities from 2022.

SAIC Maxus, founded in 2011, is also showing its fuel-cell technology, the G20
FC, at the auto show, which has a comprehensive driving range of 550 km.

Among its exhibits are also the G20 MPV, which hit the market on April 16, and
electric MPV EG50.

Already one of the fastest-growing brands in the country, SAIC Maxus is known
for customized models including the D60 SUV, which is also present at the event.

Its wide range of models have boosted its popularity in China and overseas.

Last year, the company sold 84,017 units, up 18 percent from the previous year.
Of them, 16,295 vehicles were sold outside of China, up 60.3 percent
year-on-year.

Oshan, a 12-month-old passenger car brand, is presenting two SUVs and one
small-sized electric vehicle, in the hope of winning over the country's young
customers.

The brand said it will offer 12 models, including four new energy vehicles by
2021, by leveraging the resources of its parent company Changan Auto.

Cao Yingying and Zhang Dandan contributed to this story

lifusheng@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 04/22/2019 page17)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/83/155589405727.jpg

a41f726719b21e27481d26.jpg


                             254 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 22, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Chinese smartphones reconnect with Iraqi consumers

BODY:

BAGHDAD - Over the past seven years, Iraqi consumers have gradually been
attracted to the Chinese smartphones for their usability, affordability and
advanced technologies.

In 2008, Chinese-made phones from little known manufacturers first entered the
Iraqi market, but found a foothold due to their considerably low prices, new
technologies such as touch-screen, hi-fidelity speakers, and attractive designs.

However, poor performance besmirched the image of Chinese phones relative to
devices of Nokia and Samsung.

Now, a new class of Chinese smartphone manufacturers have quickly risen as tech
giants in the world markets. Many of them found profitable niches in the Iraqi
markets as well as in the world markets.

The crowded thoroughfare of al-Rubaie in eastern Baghdad has become the hot spot
of wholesalers of cellphones, accessories, and spare parts. The shops there are
also supplying other smartphone markets in Baghdad's other districts and across
Iraq as well.

The Chinese smartphones are widely spread in the thoroughfare. In 2013, Huawei
was the first Chinese smartphone manufacturer that played an instrumental role
in changing the stereotype of the Chinese smartphones among Iraqi consumers.

The company introduced competitively priced devices with modern technology. It
has slowly built its base in the country over the past seven years, and is now
reaping the benefits.

Ahmed Hashim, sales manager of Huawei for central and south of Iraq, said his
office managed to penetrate the market and gained customer trust gradually.

Huawei has surpassed Apple in the local market and is second only to Samsung.
The company's market share is growing steadily year after year, powered by its
cutting-edge technology.

According to Hashim, Huawei sold between 1.4 million to 1.6 million devices
valued at $280 million in 2018. This made Huawei the second largest phone vendor
in Iraq. Huawei sells no less than 150,000 devices a month all over Iraq now.

Hashim said: "We were No 1 in the world in selling the Huawei P Smart with 1,800
devices sold on the first day.

"Huawei phones are increasingly getting more attention and earning the trust of
Iraqi consumers because of its reliable hardware, modern technologies,
reasonable value, and cheap spare parts, compared to other phone manufacturers.

"Huawei, like many other companies in the Iraqi market, faces two major
problems, unstable customs procedures and tariffs that lead to a fluctuation in
the market."

The Iraqi customers also knew Honor, which is the sub-brand of Huawei group,
since it is part of Huawei production line. Honor entered the Iraqi market about
a year ago.

Ali Abbas, marketing manager of Honor for central and south of Iraq, said: "In
one year, Honor smartphones reached a market share of 11 percent and are going
up steadily.

"The high demand on Honor phones is due to the marketing plan, high quality of
devices and state-of-the-art designs."

"We have got the first place in the Middle East for selling the 8X midrange
device and we surpassed Samsung sales in Iraq in the first quarter of 2019."

Iraqi consumers came to know of Oppo smartphones through graymarket traders
(with no official supplier authorization) in 2016. It was having a weak presence
in the Iraqi market, but after Oppo managed to get global attention in mid-2018
with its unique and innovative Find X phone model, the Iraqi consumers warmed to
the brand.

Ayman al-Badri, sales manager of Oppo Iraq, said: "Oppo phones have done
exceptionally well in the still-developing markets of India and Southeast Asia,
where it shoved aside the former leader Samsung with low-cost, high-quality
phones that look much more expensive than they are.

"We believe it will do the same in Iraq in the foreseeable future. Oppo will
open a regional office in Iraq soon in order to promote its products and assist
the authorized distributor."

Opening the office "reflects the importance and potential of the Iraqi market to
Oppo".

Al-Badri also said that in the first quarter of this year, Oppo's market share
in Iraq went up from 3 percent to 5 percent.

"We currently sell about 10,000 devices a month, and that's only the beginning.
The Iraqi market is so active and the purchasing power is high, a recent
statistic shows that 350,000 devices are sold and activated every month all over
Iraq. The number of retail shops in Baghdad alone increased 12 percent from
1,200 to 1,350."

Samsung, whose success led to Nokia's exit from the Iraqi market about a decade
ago, remains No 1, but is feeling the heat of the Chinese phones. Its market
share is decreasing bit by bit.

Mahmoud al-Anbagi, a retail shop owner in al-Mansour, an upscale neighborhood,
said: "Chinese phones have become a powerhouse nowadays. A lot of Iraqi
consumers prefer them over other expensive devices because of their beautiful
designs, up-to-date technology, and reasonable prices."

Xinhua

(China Daily 04/22/2019 page16)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/38/155589406080.jpg

a41f726719b21e2747e724.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/28/155589406127.jpg

a41f726719b21e2747ed25.jpg


                             255 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            April 20, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Photo

BODY:

China's technology giant Huawei demonstrates its 5G technology at an event in
Malaysia on Thursday that drew the attention of Malaysian Prime Minister
Mahathir Mohamad (front, third from right).Zhu Wei/xinhua

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/99/155571414641.jpg

00221917e13e1e24966b03.jpg



                             256 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 19, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Smear campaign against China won't make US great again

BYLINE: Chen Weihua

BODY:

Senior US officials like to talk about reciprocity in relations with China. But
one thing that China will not and cannot reciprocate is sending its officials
around the world to defame another country. Which is exactly what US Secretary
of State Mike Pompeo did in Chile on April 12 when he slandered Beijing, and
tried to drive a wedge between Latin American countries and China.

Such a despicable act is nothing new. US Vice-President Mike Pence indulged in
the same game when he toured Central America in October. And National Security
Advisor John Bolton exhibited the same trait when he rolled out Washington's
Africa strategy in December.

Pence and Pompeo also threatened the US' European allies in February with
possible US action if they included Huawei in their 5G networks. Hillary Clinton
and Rex Tillerson, too, slandered China while visiting Africa and Latin America
as secretary of state.

The smear campaign this time appears bigger and more desperate. US diplomatic
missions from Beijing to Brussels tweeted Pompeo's malicious statements. It
seems US officials' primary job is no longer to promote the US but to spread
malicious and even fabricated stories about China, everything from Huawei to the
Belt and Road Initiative.

Fear-mongering about China has long been a favorite pastime in the US
presidential campaign. It has now acquired epidemic proportions, infecting many
in the US government, think tanks and news media.

When I raised the issue in a column years ago, arguing that Chinese officials
could easily give a long list of the US' heinous crimes, a senior White House
official said privately that I had hit the nail on the head. A China hand, he
disapproved of the US behavior.

I can't recall the last time a Chinese official visiting another country
badmouthing the US. It's not a decent thing for any government to engage in. But
Pompeo should not be given a free pass. That's why I applauded Chinese
ambassador to Chile Xu Bu when he said, "Pompeo has lost his mind". Foreign
Ministry spokesman Lu Kang, too, was blunt saying: "A lie will remain a lie,
even if repeated a thousand times."

Pompeo's self-defeating words won't fool Latin American countries. By lecturing
Latin American countries, he was assuming that they don't know how to run their
countries and should listen to the US which still considers the region its
backyard. It's an insult to any sovereign nation.

No matter how hard Pompeo tries to divert the attention of the Latin American
people, he cannot change what the US administrations have done in Latin America,
from engineering coups and assassinations to bullying and invading countries.

Harvest of Empire, a 2012 documentary based on a book by journalist Juan
Gonzalez, tells the history of US intervention in Latin America and how it has
led to the immigration issues facing the US today. According to a Pew survey
last year, only 47 percent of the respondents in seven Latin American countries
said they have a favorable view of the US. In Chile, which Pompeo visited last
week, the positive view about the US had plummeted to 39 percent in 2017 and
confidence in US leadership was a dismal 12 percent.

Gallup poll released last year revealed that the US approval rate has dropped to
a new low in Latin America, with only 24 percent supporting the US' leadership
in the region.

If the US truly wants to help Latin American or African countries, it does not
need to vilify China. Instead, it should invest more in those regions and
countries to build roads, bridges and power stations, things that China is
already doing.

That will be an exhibition of a healthy mindset.

The author is chief of China Daily EU Bureau based in Brussels.
chenweihua@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 04/19/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/25/155563488681.jpg

00221917e13e1e23524824.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/94/155563488705.jpg

00221917e13e1e23525125.jpg


                             257 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            April 18, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Tech giants bury the hatchet

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Tech giant Apple Inc has reached an agreement with US chip major Qualcomm Inc to
end their two-year legal battle over technology licensing fees, as the
smartphone vendor steps up its efforts for the forthcoming 5G era.

Apple, Qualcomm reach agreement in royalty dispute

Tech giant Apple Inc has reached an agreement with US chip major Qualcomm Inc to
end their two-year legal battle over technology licensing fees, as the
smartphone vendor steps up its efforts for the forthcoming 5G era.

The move signifies that Apple is prioritizing the need for a stable supplier of
5G modem chips over business disputes, and the global 5G smartphone battle is
finally on, putting more pressure on Chinese companies, experts said.

People take photos of the iPhone XS Max at a product launch event in California,
the US. The first batch of 5G smartphones is likely to be priced above 8,000
yuan ($1,166) according to China Mobile. Reuters

Apple said in a statement that the two companies had inked an agreement to
dismiss all litigation between them worldwide. The settlement includes an
undisclosed payment from Apple to Qualcomm.

Apple and Qualcomm have also inked a six-year licensing agreement, effective
April 1, 2019, including a two-year extension option, and a multiyear chipset
supply agreement.

The agreements mean that Apple's newest iPhone models, especially upcoming 5G
models, will use Qualcomm's modem chips. The iPhone used to rely entirely on
Qualcomm's chips, but from 2016 Apple started using Intel Corp's modem chips in
some models.

When it comes to 5G modems, however, Intel failed to provide qualified products
for iPhones, so Apple had no other choice but to put disputes aside and get
Qualcomm as its supplier again, said Fu Liang, an independent analyst who has
been following the telecom industry for more than a decade.

Shares in Qualcomm surged 23 percent after the announcement, while Apple's
remained flat on Tuesday.

Xiang Ligang, director-general of the Information Consumption Alliance, said the
move signifies that Apple is now ratcheting up resources into the research and
development of 5G smartphones, as its rival Huawei Technologies Co and Samsung
Electronics Co have already showcased their 5G models.

"Though Qualcomm's way of charging technology licensing fees costs Apple a large
amount of money, the US smartphone vendor is now putting more focus on having
modem chips that will connect the iPhone to the new, fifth-generation wireless
networks," Xiang said. "Apple does not want to risk falling behind its rivals."

"Apple's intensified input will put more pressure on Chinese smartphone
vendors," Xiang said.

Chinese tech company Huawei unveiled its first 5G foldable smartphone in
February. More than 40 5G smartphone models are expected to be unveiled globally
in 2019, according to a report from market research agency IHS Markit.

The first batch of 5G smartphones is likely to be priced above 8,000 yuan
($1,166), China Mobile, the country's largest telecom carrier, said in December.

The market research agency Counterpoint predicted that the global 5G smartphone
shipments are expected to reach 108.2 million units in 2021, up an estimated 255
percent year-on-year, which partially offset the continued shrinking of 4G
handset volumes.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 04/18/2019 page16)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/80/155554848244.jpg

a41f726719b21e21fbc919.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/14/155554848265.jpg

a41f726719b21e21fbdb1a.jpg


                             258 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            April 17, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Innovation has key role in breaking tech barriers

BYLINE: Ma Si in Shenzhen, Guangdong

BODY:

Huawei Technologies Co is seeking to steer innovation by investing $300 million
annually to fund academic research in basic science and technologies.

This is part of the Chinese company's broad effort to move beyond current
technological limits to seek cutting-edge technologies for the next five to 10
years.

Xu Wenwei, director of the board at Huawei and president of the company's newly
established Institute of Strategic Research, said: "Huawei will work with
universities and research institutes to drive innovation in theories and basic
technologies, and light the way for the industry and the world at large."

To drive industry innovation and upgrading, Huawei is committed to leading the
industry in five areas: redefining the technical architecture, redefining the
product architecture, leading the pace of industry development, setting a new
industry direction, and fostering a new industry, the company said in a
statement.

According to the Shenzhen-based company, the wide adoption of artificial
intelligence is accelerating cloud adoption in enterprises. And it considers
cloud competition to actually be competition in AI.

"Our strategic investment in AI focuses on two areas, namely boosting computing
power and promoting AI application scenarios," Xu said.

Huawei is now investing in atomic-scale manufacturing to push the limits of
Moore's Law - the observation that the number of transistors in a dense
integrated circuit doubles about every two years, as the precision of
manufacturing technology has advanced from the macro level to the micro (nano)
level, and is now facing obstacles.

In 2018, Huawei's R&D spending reached 101.5 billion yuan ($15.1 billion),
accounting for around 14 percent of its revenue.

(China Daily 04/17/2019 page13)


                             259 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            April 17, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Huawei gaining ground in global marketplace

BYLINE: Ma Si in Shenzhen and Chen Weihua in Brussels

BODY:

Huawei Technologies Co said on Tuesday that it had so far secured 40 commercial
5G network contracts, up from 30 announced in late January, as the Chinese
company is gaining more votes of confidence from telecom carriers.

Hu Houkun, rotating chairman at Huawei, said at a global analyst conference in
Shenzhen that the company has shipped more than 70,000 5G base stations, up from
40,000 announced in late February.

"Fifth-generation mobile communication technology is coming much faster than
expected," Hu said. "As 5G investment will be more value-driven, reliable and
solid, it will generate new growth drivers for us."

A report from market research agency IHS Markit said that in the first year
after the telecom standards were frozen, four 5G chipsets were unveiled in the
global telecom sector and over 40 5G smartphones are expected to be available,
but no 4G chipsets or 4G smartphones had been unveiled within a year of the
standards being finalized.

Also globally, more than 100,000 5G base stations are expected to be shipped,
compared with just 400 4G base stations during the same time frame, IHS Markit
said.

Huawei's latest progress on 5G came after Germany's telecoms regulator told the
Financial Times that the country's position is that "no equipment supplier,
including Huawei, should, or may, be specifically excluded".

Belgian newspaper De Standard also reported earlier that The Center for
Cybersecurity Belgium has found no evidence that telecoms equipment supplied by
Huawei could be used for spying.

Hu said Huawei is adopting an all-industry, full-society approach for trust and
aims to deepen partnership with tech providers, industries and regulators. It
has already taken an extra step to ensure security by promising a $2 billion
investment plan over the next five years to upgrade its coding procedure.

"Trust or distrust depends on facts, and facts should be verified on standards.
The European Union has done a good job in this aspect," Hu said.

Huawei said it expects its carrier business unit to achieve double-digit growth
this year, as the world's largest telecom equipment maker believes that global
investment in 5G will be value-driven, reliable and generate more growth
opportunities.

The company's carrier business, which includes Huawei's telecom equipment and
services, recorded a loss in revenue of around 1 percent in 2018, as it faced
security allegations in some markets. Huawei has repeatedly said such
allegations are groundless and not backed by factual evidence.

"Personally, cybersecurity is not a political challenge. It is, in essence, a
technical challenge. Huawei's position is that we need a systematic and
well-accepted frame to help us understand cybersecurity risks and cooperate with
others to prevent such risks," Hu said.

According to him, if the discussions on cybersecurity are politicized, it will
be a very big challenge not only for companies, but also for trade relations. It
will also result in the fragmentation of technology, which will harm the
development of the global telecom industry.

Zhang Ming, head of the Mission of China to the EU, said cybersecurity is a
common concern for the global community and businesses from all countries should
receive fair, just and nondiscriminatory treatment.

Zhang said the formulation of relevant policies should not be based on some
groundless allegations or fabricated stories.

Contact the writers at masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 04/17/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/57/155546210274.jpg

a41f726b05111e20ac8010.jpg


                             260 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            April 17, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Innovation has key role in breaking tech barriers

BYLINE: Ma Si in Shenzhen, Guangdong

BODY:

Huawei Technologies Co is seeking to steer innovation by investing $300 million
annually to fund academic research in basic science and technologies.

This is part of the Chinese company's broad effort to move beyond current
technological limits to seek cutting-edge technologies for the next five to 10
years.

Xu Wenwei, director of the board at Huawei and president of the company's newly
established Institute of Strategic Research, said: "Huawei will work with
universities and research institutes to drive innovation in theories and basic
technologies, and light the way for the industry and the world at large."

To drive industry innovation and upgrading, Huawei is committed to leading the
industry in five areas: redefining the technical architecture, redefining the
product architecture, leading the pace of industry development, setting a new
industry direction, and fostering a new industry, the company said in a
statement.

According to the Shenzhen-based company, the wide adoption of artificial
intelligence is accelerating cloud adoption in enterprises. And it considers
cloud competition to actually be competition in AI.

"Our strategic investment in AI focuses on two areas, namely boosting computing
power and promoting AI application scenarios," Xu said.

Huawei is now investing in atomic-scale manufacturing to push the limits of
Moore's Law - the observation that the number of transistors in a dense
integrated circuit doubles about every two years, as the precision of
manufacturing technology has advanced from the macro level to the micro (nano)
level, and is now facing obstacles.

In 2018, Huawei's R&D spending reached 101.5 billion yuan ($15.1 billion),
accounting for around 14 percent of its revenue.

(China Daily 04/17/2019 page13)


                             261 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            April 17, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Huawei gaining ground in global marketplace

BYLINE: Ma Si in Shenzhen and Chen Weihua in Brussels

BODY:

Huawei Technologies Co said on Tuesday that it had so far secured 40 commercial
5G network contracts, up from 30 announced in late January, as the Chinese
company is gaining more votes of confidence from telecom carriers.

Hu Houkun, rotating chairman at Huawei, said at a global analyst conference in
Shenzhen that the company has shipped more than 70,000 5G base stations, up from
40,000 announced in late February.

"Fifth-generation mobile communication technology is coming much faster than
expected," Hu said. "As 5G investment will be more value-driven, reliable and
solid, it will generate new growth drivers for us."

A report from market research agency IHS Markit said that in the first year
after the telecom standards were frozen, four 5G chipsets were unveiled in the
global telecom sector and over 40 5G smartphones are expected to be available,
but no 4G chipsets or 4G smartphones had been unveiled within a year of the
standards being finalized.

Also globally, more than 100,000 5G base stations are expected to be shipped,
compared with just 400 4G base stations during the same time frame, IHS Markit
said.

Huawei's latest progress on 5G came after Germany's telecoms regulator told the
Financial Times that the country's position is that "no equipment supplier,
including Huawei, should, or may, be specifically excluded".

Belgian newspaper De Standard also reported earlier that The Center for
Cybersecurity Belgium has found no evidence that telecoms equipment supplied by
Huawei could be used for spying.

Hu said Huawei is adopting an all-industry, full-society approach for trust and
aims to deepen partnership with tech providers, industries and regulators. It
has already taken an extra step to ensure security by promising a $2 billion
investment plan over the next five years to upgrade its coding procedure.

"Trust or distrust depends on facts, and facts should be verified on standards.
The European Union has done a good job in this aspect," Hu said.

Huawei said it expects its carrier business unit to achieve double-digit growth
this year, as the world's largest telecom equipment maker believes that global
investment in 5G will be value-driven, reliable and generate more growth
opportunities.

The company's carrier business, which includes Huawei's telecom equipment and
services, recorded a loss in revenue of around 1 percent in 2018, as it faced
security allegations in some markets. Huawei has repeatedly said such
allegations are groundless and not backed by factual evidence.

"Personally, cybersecurity is not a political challenge. It is, in essence, a
technical challenge. Huawei's position is that we need a systematic and
well-accepted frame to help us understand cybersecurity risks and cooperate with
others to prevent such risks," Hu said.

According to him, if the discussions on cybersecurity are politicized, it will
be a very big challenge not only for companies, but also for trade relations. It
will also result in the fragmentation of technology, which will harm the
development of the global telecom industry.

Zhang Ming, head of the Mission of China to the EU, said cybersecurity is a
common concern for the global community and businesses from all countries should
receive fair, just and nondiscriminatory treatment.

Zhang said the formulation of relevant policies should not be based on some
groundless allegations or fabricated stories.

Contact the writers at masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 04/17/2019 page13)


                             262 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 16, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Germany clears Huawei for 5G build

BYLINE: Jonathan Powell in London

BODY:

Germany has no plans to block Chinese telecommunications giant Huawei from
participating in the buildup of its 5G ultrahigh speed internet, despite fierce
pressure from the United States to shut out the controversial Chinese supplier
for security reasons.

No equipment suppliers 'should, or may, be specifically excluded', official says

Germany has no plans to block Chinese telecommunications giant Huawei from
participating in the buildup of its 5G ultrahigh speed internet, despite fierce
pressure from the United States to shut out the controversial Chinese supplier
for security reasons.

The president of the Bundesnetzagentur, Germany's telecommunications regulator,
told the Financial Times that no equipment suppliers, including Huawei, "should,
or may, be specifically excluded".

Jochen Homann told the newspaper that his agency has yet to see evidence that
Huawei poses a security risk. He added that if Huawei meets the security
requirements imposed by the regulator, it can take part in the 5G network
rollout.

Last month, the US ambassador to Berlin warned the German government that
Washington would consider scaling back intelligence cooperation should Huawei be
given a role in the 5G build out.

The US has been on a push to get allies to drop Huawei, which it alleges
colludes with the Chinese government on covert surveillance, which the Chinese
company repeatedly denies.

The US banned Huawei from selling 5G networking equipment to US firms, and other
countries followed suit, including Australia, Japan and New Zealand. The
European Union so far has shunned US calls to ban Huawei.

Last week, in response to criticism from the United Kingdom, Huawei said it
"poses no threat" and the best way to win trust is through "transparency". A top
UK cybersecurity official said the Chinese telecom giant's "shoddy" engineering
work could lead to a ban on its 5G network in the country.

Huawei's involvement in Britain's new 5G network is expected to be revealed in a
government review of the country's telecommunications infrastructure next month.

In an interview with CNBC on Saturday, Huawei CEO Ren Zhengfei said his company
will comply with European cybersecurity standards and the General Data
Protection Regulation laws that govern the EU.

"Germany proposed the establishment of a unified global convention that would
bar all equipment vendors from installing backdoors, and require them to sign a
no-spy agreement," he said, referring to a potential "no spy" deal between
Berlin and Beijing.

CNBC reported that in 5G networks, the emphasis is more on software instead of
hardware. That means an equipment maker may be able to install lines of code,
called "backdoors", which let it access what's going on inside the network,
tracking locations of cell phone users, or eavesdropping on conversations.

"We endorse unified global standards that make installing backdoors a crime ...
we want to sign such an agreement because we think it's the right thing to do,"
Ren said.

jonathan@mail.chinadailyuk.com

(China Daily 04/16/2019 page11)


                             263 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 16, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: China is set to power Volkswagen's new energy vehicle strategy

BYLINE: Li Fusheng

BODY:

China will play a major role in Volkswagen AG's drive to lead the global auto
industry's transformation towards electric and smart mobility, according to the
German carmaker's top executive.

Herbert Diess, the group's chairman of the board of management, who is in
Shanghai for the auto show, said China is shaping the world in terms of
e-mobility, digitalization and autonomous driving.

"By recognizing China as the powerhouse of the automotive world, we will secure
our future success," he said.

Diess said the company's focus is to become carbon neutral globally by 2050, and
the key aspect in this transformation is the adoption of e-mobility - and China
plays a pivotal role.

"Nowhere else can you experience this electric revolution than in China. Here,
e-mobility is accelerating at a tremendous speed. People's mindsets and
governmental guidelines are more positive towards e-cars than in any other
country," said Diess.

Globally, Volkswagen plans to deliver 22 million new energy vehicles until 2028,
with more than 50 percent coming from China.

By the end of this year, it will offer 14 NEV models in China and expects to
deliver 400,000 NEVs to Chinese customers in 2020. The figure is planned to rise
to 1.5 million in 2025.

The group is well advanced in setting up the production facilities in China that
will underpin those targets.

The state-of-the-art MEB platform, designed for e-cars, is scheduled to begin
production next year in Anting near Shanghai and Foshan in Guangdong province.
The plants have a combined capacity of 600,000 electric vehicles a year.

In addition to the MEB platform, the JAC Volkswagen joint venture will work with
the group's Spanish subsidiary, Seat, on a new platform for smaller NEVs.

With three joint ventures - SAIC Volkswagen, FAW-Volkswagen and JAC Volkswagen -
the group said it will be ready to meet its NEV objectives.

A further e-mobility focus is on access to infrastructure. A new charging joint
venture called CAMS is to be set up that will result in greater convenience for
the growing number Chinese NEV owners.

The partnership with Star Charge, FAW and JAC will offer private charging wall
boxes from the end of this year and a network of public charging stations. It is
claimed they will take just 15 minutes to charge a vehicle enough to drive 400
kilometers.

The experience will be made easier through in-vehicle connectivity provided by
the group's Mobility Asia services. They will help drivers to find the most
convenient charging station.

In its quest for carbon neutrality, the carmaker is backing up its offensive
with efforts to lower its ecological footprint. Last year alone, CO2 emissions
from its Chinese activities were slashed by 13 percent, saving 390,000 tons of
CO2. In addition, waste disposal was reduced by 15 percent last year.

"Through the use of their vehicles, Volkswagen's passenger car brands alone are
responsible for 1 percent of global CO2 emissions. We aim to reduce this to
zero. That is our contribution to climate protection and meeting the targets of
the Paris Agreement on climate change and China's environmental health," Diess
said.

Volkswagen Group China CEO Stephan Woellenstein said the company remains
confident in the positive development of the Chinese market and is focused on
maintaining its lead position.

"In the current market environment, we know that this is challenging. But we
have found answers with our NEV and SUV offensives," he said. "We and our
partners have laid the foundation to redefine what mobility means in China and
to transform it."

Woellenstein said e-mobility has to be pushed by the whole industry, not only in
China, but other markets as well.

"Therefore, we have started to open our MEB production to other companies
globally as well," he said.

"It is not only about selling NEVs for us. It is a holistic view and a focus on
a strong e-mobility industry as a whole because it is what the Chinese auto
market needs in the future."

To that end, Volkswagen Group China will help Chinese battery suppliers meet the
group's global standards. Once qualified, they will be able to supply the
group's operations in other markets.

The group is also focused on developing the technologies of the future,
including connectivity, digitalization and autonomous driving.

Its premium brand, Audi, is progressing strongly on the autonomous driving
front.

Its Level 4 automated vehicles have completed several thousand kilometers of
street testing since being granted test licenses in Beijing and Wuxi, Jiangsu
province, last year.

Audi is also working with Huawei to develop projects in the area of intelligent
connected vehicles, with a pilot project in Wuxi planned.

To push development of smart city environments, Volkswagen Group China is
exploring options to partner with Chinese megacities. It will help to acquire
knowledge for automated driving fleets as well as smart parking or smart
charging in a real urban environment.

Meanwhile, current customer demand for the latest connectivity, efficiency,
safety and comfort will be met with a strong portfolio of new models.

They will be released in China this year across all the group's brands,
including eight SUV models - five of them locally produced.

"In 2018, every fifth car sold by us was an SUV, increasing our SUV deliveries
by 12 percent," Woellenstein said.

"And we expect that in 2020 at least 40 percent of all Volkswagen Group vehicles
sold in China will be SUVs."

The company is also addressing further potential in the Chinese market by
introducing the Jetta brand.

It has the mission of attracting consumers Volkswagen does not yet reach - about
a third of the market.

Volkswagen said it will offer a model range encompassing one sedan and two SUVs,
and the first of them will be launched in the third quarter of this year.

lifusheng@chinadaily.com.cn

Herbert Diess, chairman of the board of management of Volkswagen AG, explains
the group's e-mobility strategy.Photos Provided To China Daily

(China Daily 04/16/2019 page10)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/24/155537567255.jpg

00221917e13e1e1f5d9e2d.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/39/155537567321.jpg

00221917e13e1e1f5db22e.jpg


                             264 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 16, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Phones stay on agenda for Meitu in Xiaomi partnership

BYLINE: Fan Feifei

BODY:

It is very difficult for niche smartphone brands that focus on developing some
specific functions, such as beauty enhancing and gaming, to survive in the
highly competitive Chinese smartphone market, and they are expected to seek
strategic cooperation with large vendors, experts said.

Selfie application maker Meitu Inc said on Monday via its official Sina Weibo
account it has adjusted its smartphone business, and carried out strategic
cooperation with Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi Corp, which will receive global
exclusive license to use the Meitu smartphone brand.

On Nov 19, the two companies reached a strategic cooperation arrangement. The
Beijing-based tech giant Xiaomi will be responsible for the design, research and
development, production, business operation, sales and marketing of the Meitu
smartphones. Meitu will provide its proprietary imaging technologies and
beautification algorithms to Xiaomi.

In the meantime, media reports said that Chinese gaming giant Tencent Holdings
Ltd is trying to make a gaming smartphone.

Online technology media platform 36Kr reported Tencent is contacting AsusTek
Computer Inc, a computer and phone hardware and electronics company, Razer, a
leading computer game equipment maker and Wingtech Technology, but the final
partner hasn't been finally determined. Tencent declined to comment on these
reports.

"The market size of smartphones that feature some specific functions, such as
beauty enhancing and gaming, is relatively small, and niche brands such as Meitu
smartphone will face more intensified competition," said James Yan, research
director at Counterpoint Technology Market Research.

Yan added only big companies which include Tencent, Huawei, Xiaomi and Oppo,
could utilize their e-commerce channels, application platforms and distribution
channels to gain a bigger market share in the segmented market.

He added that Xiaomi has an upper hand in the hardware design, manufacturing,
selling and supply chain, while Meitu could exert its advantage in software
fields, such as image processing technologies and selfies.

"China's smartphone market is huge, and although it has fallen for two
consecutive years, it still accounts for about 30 percent of the global market.
In such a big market, there are many niche users, who will satisfy the survival
of the niche brand itself," said Jia Mo, an analyst from global market research
company Canalys.

Jia said it will be very difficult for a niche smartphone brand to succeed in
China's fiercely competitive market, and if the phone maker does not
differentiate itself from others, it will vanish.

"The gaming smartphone market is being eroded by big companies. It is not
difficult for internet giants to find an original design manufacturer for mobile
phones. The key problem lies in whether the smartphone could really attract
consumers," Jia added.

The Meitu brand, which is popular among female users, seems to be a sub-brand
for Xiaomi, and will help attract more female customers, Jia noted.

Market consultancy IDC said that the Meitu-Xiaomi partnership will help both
parties expand their customer base and signals a further consolidation in the
highly competitive Chinese smartphone market.

IDC said more small vendors are expected to seek strategic cooperation with
large vendors and drive consolidation in China's smartphone market.

Meitu released its first smartphone in 2013 and then developed three series - M,
V and T. The Meitu app's number of monthly active users grew to 117.4 million by
Dec 31, 2018.

fanfeifei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 04/16/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/91/155537569265.jpg

a41f726719b21e1f5d6509.jpg


                             265 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 16, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: China is set to power Volkswagen's new energy vehicle strategy

BYLINE: Li Fusheng

BODY:

China will play a major role in Volkswagen AG's drive to lead the global auto
industry's transformation towards electric and smart mobility, according to the
German carmaker's top executive.

Herbert Diess, the group's chairman of the board of management, who is in
Shanghai for the auto show, said China is shaping the world in terms of
e-mobility, digitalization and autonomous driving.

"By recognizing China as the powerhouse of the automotive world, we will secure
our future success," he said.

Diess said the company's focus is to become carbon neutral globally by 2050, and
the key aspect in this transformation is the adoption of e-mobility - and China
plays a pivotal role.

"Nowhere else can you experience this electric revolution than in China. Here,
e-mobility is accelerating at a tremendous speed. People's mindsets and
governmental guidelines are more positive towards e-cars than in any other
country," said Diess.

Globally, Volkswagen plans to deliver 22 million new energy vehicles until 2028,
with more than 50 percent coming from China.

By the end of this year, it will offer 14 NEV models in China and expects to
deliver 400,000 NEVs to Chinese customers in 2020. The figure is planned to rise
to 1.5 million in 2025.

The group is well advanced in setting up the production facilities in China that
will underpin those targets.

The state-of-the-art MEB platform, designed for e-cars, is scheduled to begin
production next year in Anting near Shanghai and Foshan in Guangdong province.
The plants have a combined capacity of 600,000 electric vehicles a year.

In addition to the MEB platform, the JAC Volkswagen joint venture will work with
the group's Spanish subsidiary, Seat, on a new platform for smaller NEVs.

With three joint ventures - SAIC Volkswagen, FAW-Volkswagen and JAC Volkswagen -
the group said it will be ready to meet its NEV objectives.

A further e-mobility focus is on access to infrastructure. A new charging joint
venture called CAMS is to be set up that will result in greater convenience for
the growing number Chinese NEV owners.

The partnership with Star Charge, FAW and JAC will offer private charging wall
boxes from the end of this year and a network of public charging stations. It is
claimed they will take just 15 minutes to charge a vehicle enough to drive 400
kilometers.

The experience will be made easier through in-vehicle connectivity provided by
the group's Mobility Asia services. They will help drivers to find the most
convenient charging station.

In its quest for carbon neutrality, the carmaker is backing up its offensive
with efforts to lower its ecological footprint. Last year alone, CO2 emissions
from its Chinese activities were slashed by 13 percent, saving 390,000 tons of
CO2. In addition, waste disposal was reduced by 15 percent last year.

"Through the use of their vehicles, Volkswagen's passenger car brands alone are
responsible for 1 percent of global CO2 emissions. We aim to reduce this to
zero. That is our contribution to climate protection and meeting the targets of
the Paris Agreement on climate change and China's environmental health," Diess
said.

Volkswagen Group China CEO Stephan Woellenstein said the company remains
confident in the positive development of the Chinese market and is focused on
maintaining its lead position.

"In the current market environment, we know that this is challenging. But we
have found answers with our NEV and SUV offensives," he said. "We and our
partners have laid the foundation to redefine what mobility means in China and
to transform it."

Woellenstein said e-mobility has to be pushed by the whole industry, not only in
China, but other markets as well.

"Therefore, we have started to open our MEB production to other companies
globally as well," he said.

"It is not only about selling NEVs for us. It is a holistic view and a focus on
a strong e-mobility industry as a whole because it is what the Chinese auto
market needs in the future."

To that end, Volkswagen Group China will help Chinese battery suppliers meet the
group's global standards. Once qualified, they will be able to supply the
group's operations in other markets.

The group is also focused on developing the technologies of the future,
including connectivity, digitalization and autonomous driving.

Its premium brand, Audi, is progressing strongly on the autonomous driving
front.

Its Level 4 automated vehicles have completed several thousand kilometers of
street testing since being granted test licenses in Beijing and Wuxi, Jiangsu
province, last year.

Audi is also working with Huawei to develop projects in the area of intelligent
connected vehicles, with a pilot project in Wuxi planned.

To push development of smart city environments, Volkswagen Group China is
exploring options to partner with Chinese megacities. It will help to acquire
knowledge for automated driving fleets as well as smart parking or smart
charging in a real urban environment.

Meanwhile, current customer demand for the latest connectivity, efficiency,
safety and comfort will be met with a strong portfolio of new models.

They will be released in China this year across all the group's brands,
including eight SUV models - five of them locally produced.

"In 2018, every fifth car sold by us was an SUV, increasing our SUV deliveries
by 12 percent," Woellenstein said.

"And we expect that in 2020 at least 40 percent of all Volkswagen Group vehicles
sold in China will be SUVs."

The company is also addressing further potential in the Chinese market by
introducing the Jetta brand.

It has the mission of attracting consumers Volkswagen does not yet reach - about
a third of the market.

Volkswagen said it will offer a model range encompassing one sedan and two SUVs,
and the first of them will be launched in the third quarter of this year.

lifusheng@chinadaily.com.cn

Herbert Diess, chairman of the board of management of Volkswagen AG, explains
the group's e-mobility strategy.Photos Provided To China Daily

(China Daily 04/16/2019 page10)


                             266 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 15, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: On chinadaily.com.cn

BODY:

Video: 'Guardian' of birds and airports

New Voices is our website's video special featuring Chinese young people. This
series will report on their pioneering stories, independent thinking and
enterprising spirit. In this episode, we meet Li Dong, a "guardian" of birds and
airports. To ensure safe takeoffs and landings of aircraft and the security of
travelers, a group of people keep birds away from airfields. Visit our website
to see how Li keeps both travelers and birds safe.

Travel: Lake more appealing as ice melts

China's largest inland saltwater lake is expected to attract a large number of
tourists as ice begins to melt on the surface. Qinghai Lake in Qinghai province
usually freezes in mid-December and returns entirely to liquid form in
mid-April. The lake plays an important role in the ecological security of the
Qinghai-Tibet Plateau, but it had been shrinking since the 1950s. Conservation,
combined with changes in the regional climate turned things around in 2005.

Tech: Just a glance pays subway fare

Commuters taking subway Line 1 in Jinan, Shandong province, need only look at a
facial recognition system to pass through a turnstile. The 3D facial recognition
system allows passengers to automatically pay their fare with a glance. The
system went into operation early this month. Passengers who download the
required app can pass through a ticket gate in just two seconds, according to
the Jinan Rail Transit Group. The system allows 30 to 40 passengers to pass
through the turnstile every minute, greatly improving the pass-through rate of
commuters.

Rankings: Top corporate patent applicants

Tech giant Huawei ranked first last year in corporate patent applications at the
World Intellectual Property Organization, with 5,405 published applications. The
telecom behemoth was followed by Mitsubishi Electric (2,812), Intel (2,499),
Qualcomm (2,404) and ZTE (2,080). For the first time, Asian companies
contributed more than half of all international patent applications. Visit our
website to have a look at the top 10 corporate patent applicants.

Animals: Albino penguin makes debut in Poland

The world's only albino penguin raised in captivity made its first public
appearance at Gdansk Zoo in Poland. The rare albino penguin hatched in
mid-December. Ever since, it has been under veterinary care. In the wild, such
an unusual-looking penguin would be rejected by others of its species and have
little chance of survival.

(China Daily 04/15/2019 page22)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/99/155528924035.jpg

a41f726719b21e1e13833c.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/77/155528924089.jpg

a41f726719b21e1e13893d.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/36/155528924119.jpg

a41f726719b21e1e138e3e.jpg


                             267 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 15, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Electric startup creates a buzz with first model revealed

BYLINE: Li Fusheng

BODY:

Jinkang Seres, a subsidiary of Sokon Group, unveiled its first model last week
in Southwest China's Chongqing. The electric startup said that it will launch
more than 25 models including sedans, MPVs and SUVs by 2025.

The first model, a mid-sized SUV called the SF5, is built on an independently
developed electric platform and has a range of more than 500 kilometers on one
charge, according to the startup established three years ago in Silicon Valley
in the United States.

It is 4,700 mm in length, 1,930 mm in width and 1,625 mm in height, with its
wheelbase reaching 2,875 mm.

Featuring a dual-motor and smart four-wheel drive system, the model has a
maximum output of 510 kW and a top torque of 1,040 Nm. It uses Alibaba's
operating system, has a top speed of 250 km/h and can sprint from 0-100 km/h in
less than 3.5 seconds.

Besides the electric version, Jinkang Seres also presented a range-extender
version. In electric mode, the version can run up to 180 km. It said this meets
the daily demand of most people.

"Our dream is to render the blue skies back to city dwellers," said Zhang
Zhengping, founder and CEO of the company.

The company said the number of patents it has filed and received in China and
the US has reached more than 1,000.

It is working with a number of leading companies including Alibaba, Nvidia and
Huawei in terms of research and development.

Zhang said both the electric and the range-extender versions would be ready for
presale at the Shanghai auto show that kicks o0 on Tuesday. Prices are to be
announced later and deliveries are expected to start in the third quarter of the
year.

The models will be produced at the startup's intelligent plant in Chongqing. It
is one of the few electric startups that have won the nod from the National
Development and Reform Commission to build a plant.

The plant, with an investment of 2.5 billion yuan ($373 million), has the
state-of-the-art facilities, including more than 1,000 robots.

They have helped ensure the quality of the models produced reach the top
standards in China, Europe and the United States, said the carmaker.

Zhang said the company will let customers test drive the model before they order
customized ones through their smartphones. Through an app, the buyers can also
see what production stages his or her model is going through.

(China Daily 04/15/2019 page18)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/77/155528924861.jpg

a41f726719b21e1e121817.jpg


                             268 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 15, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: HK LOOKS TO TALENT AS KEY TO FUTURE

BYLINE: Shadow Li in Hong Kong

BODY:

City tackles high cost of living, lingering poverty

Hong Kong, which attracts tourists with its skyscrapers and breathtaking views,
also has 10 percent of its population living below the poverty line and has
become one of the most expensive cities in the world to call home.

This is despite plenty of wealth in the city and help from local authorities.

The government is hoping to attract, nurture and retain key talent in the fields
of technology and innovation to help tackle such issues.

Hong Kong was named one of the three most expensive cities in the world this
year, together with Singapore and Paris, in an annual survey by the Economist
Intelligence Unit.

Released last month, the survey found the cost of living in Hong Kong was 7
percent higher than in New York.

Every year, the unit examines the prices of 160 products and services in 133
cities globally. It examines the costs of food, clothing, basic commodities,
private schools, domestic helpers and daily necessities.

Hong Kong has also been named the least affordable housing market in the world
for the ninth consecutive time by the annual Demographia International Housing
Affordability Survey.

It takes an average family nearly 21 years to buy a medium-level home in the
city.

According to the Demographia findings, updated in January, such a home costs
nearly HK$7.17 million ($913,893), while the average annual household income
stood at HK$343,000.

The 20.9 years taken to buy such apartments - the longest ever recorded globally
- actually follows a decline in the residential market, but Hong Kong held the
previous record of 19.4 years, set last year.

The global standard for a "severe lack of housing affordability" is 5.1 years of
total family income.

Surveys such as these are good yardsticks for general information about living
costs.

They are aimed primarily at international corporations relocating staff members
around the world. A large corporation cannot afford to go into a city blindly
looking for office space and relocating employees whose salaries might put them
on a subsistence level. Real estate prices and living costs must be factored in
as part of compensation packages.

The globally recognized IMD World Talent Ranking for 2018 downgraded Hong Kong
by six places year-on-year to 18th among 63 countries and regions worldwide for
attracting professionals.

The city's appeal to overseas talent dropped three places to 14th, and its
investment in homegrown talent and professional development also fell, by seven
places to 31st. These two critical indicators warn of potential problems ahead.

Talent is the bargaining chip for Hong Kong amid global competition. Many
observers consider it the key to the future if the city hopes to win the
innovation and technology race, an emerging market to which it had remained
almost willfully indifferent until a few years ago.

As a result, the city is now trying to recover lost ground in the hope of
becoming a leading center for innovation and technology.

Chong Tai-leung, an economist at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, suggested
the government should support this emerging sector by providing land for a
leading tech giant to establish itself in the city.

For example, if Google set up a base in Hong Kong, other smaller tech companies
would follow. Chong said that Shenzhen, just across the border in Guangdong
province, profited handsomely after becoming the home of telecom giant Huawei's
flagship operations.

To date, the Hong Kong special administrative region government has focused on
accommodating small startups in the city's Science Park, but Chong believes this
misses the point. Such startups cannot afford big-money talent and are not
likely to attract the best available from overseas. Even the most enterprising
homegrown talent will pursue careers in the city's financial sector.

Rival cities

Expatriates are being joined by people born in Hong Kong in looking for greener
pastures, including lifeguard Herman Lam, 37.

He went to Zhuhai, Guangdong, to visit a friend, where he noticed clean streets
lined with upscale homes, and the pleasant climate.

Lam, who works at a private residence in Hong Kong, thinks he might find a
better future in Zhuhai.

"I have been paying attention to the concept of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao
Greater Bay Area," he said, referring to the cluster encompassing nine cities in
Guangdong, plus Hong Kong and Macao. The Bay Area is being developed as a
world-class trading and technology area to rival Silicon Valley in the United
States, and to surpass other major bay area trading hubs such as Tokyo Bay, San
Francisco Bay and New York.

Chong, the economist, predicts that the nine Greater Bay Area cities in
Guangdong will rival Hong Kong in terms of economy and lifestyle.

The Bay Area may ultimately remove some of the pressures of overcrowding and
limited developable land in Hong Kong, and as the Bay Area evolves, the city is
looking forward to being relieved of its tag as the one of the world's most
expensive.

A case in point is Central district on Hong Kong Island, the city's premier
business address, where corporate office space has been ranked the world's most
expensive for three consecutive years by commercial real estate services and
investment company CBRE.

High real estate costs are not confined to Central, however. Rentals on Russell
Street, Causeway Bay, which is also on Hong Kong Island, have been tagged as the
world's most expensive commercial real estate.

Sohail, a German-born pilot who works for a private airline, is confronting
these high costs. According to Payscale.com, a self-reporting survey company,
the average salary for a pilot in Hong Kong is HK$1.2 million a year plus
bonuses.

But Sohail said "affordability" is a significant factor governing how long he is
prepared to stay in Hong Kong.

He enjoys the city's distinctive architecture and iconic images of Victoria
Harbour. "It (the skyline) is unique and very beautiful, especially at night,
both on the Kowloon and Hong Kong Island sides," he said.

He lives in Central, where rent swallows up 30 percent of his salary. "Property
prices are high and rising. At this point, it is difficult to think beyond five
years," Sohail said.

Food, entertainment and utilities take another 30 percent of his income, while
15 percent goes on travel.

According to Rent Cafe, a statistics site, the average rent for a one-bedroom
55- to 85-square-meter apartment is HK$21,506 - 40 percent higher than a
comparable home in Beijing.

In 2017, Hong Kong was ranked by Rent Cafe as the fourth most expensive city
among the world's top 30 financial centers, which also included New York,
London, Tokyo, Singapore, Seoul, Sydney and Toronto.

More than 20 percent of the population in Hong Kong was living below the poverty
line in 2017 - the second-highest proportion since the poverty line definition
was introduced in the city nine years ago. The proportion was lowered to 10.5
percent after government intervention, including cash handouts and benefits such
as public housing.

Images of accommodations - known as "cage homes" and "coffin houses" - in which
many people live have become a blight on Hong Kong.

In 2017, about one in four children in the city were living below the poverty
line, according to the nonprofit Society for Community Organization.

Ming Wong, a 14-year-old secondary school student, is among the 230,400 Hong
Kong children living in poverty. He lives in a SOCO-sponsored subdivided
apartment with his mother in Mongkok, Kowloon.

The apartment is occupied by three families who share a living room, kitchen and
two toilets.

In 2017, Sohail, the pilot, saw some cage homes in Hong Kong and volunteered to
mentor Wong in English and life skills.

Sohail takes Wong to museums and other places of interest, and sometimes they go
to watch movies. They are friends who chat through instant messaging when Sohail
is flying.

Makeshift home

There are many conditions attached to renting SOCO-sponsored shared apartments.
Daily habits and routines for families who qualify must be staggered to prevent
conflict over the use of facilities - and the children must be of the same sex.

Wong and his mother met these conditions and joined the first beneficiaries who
were helped to move out of their cramped living conditions into a makeshift
home.

For the first time, the boy has his own room. It occupies just 5.57 square
meters, about half the size of a typical parking space, but is nearly twice as
big as the space he previously shared with his mother in Sham Shui Po, one of
Hong Kong's poorest areas. That apartment was subdivided into living space for
six families.

Lam, the lifeguard, is considering moving from Hong Kong, as he does not see
much of a future for him in the city after having a number of different jobs
over 20 years.

Housing is his biggest worry. He has been on a waiting list for subsidized
public housing since 2014, but he is single and that gives him low priority on
the list.

At the end of last year, there were 117,400 single-person applicants and another
150,200 family and elderly people on the list. Government records show that the
average waiting time for single applicants such as Lam is five years and five
months.

Lam is trying to save money, and five years ago he moved into a coffin house in
North Point on Hong Kong Island. The house accommodates 15 people living in
spaces bordered by planks.

Tenants pay HK$2,300 a month for a space - more accurately described as a box.
Lam, who is 1.75 meters tall, has to bend to get in. Once in bed, there is
barely room to sit up to read, so he only uses the space at night.

So, why is there this huge disparity between wealth and dire poverty in Hong
Kong?

Chong, the scholar from CUHK, said the answer lies in desirability and demand.

When there is high demand, prices always rise Chong said, and this has helped
create the city's wealth gap.

Hong Kong, one of the world's most rapidly aging cities, needs to attract
overseas talent to avoid stagnating.

It has many things going for it such as climate, lifestyle, country parks and
beaches. Boasting one of the most buoyant economies in the world, it is also the
gateway to the huge market on the Chinese mainland.

In addition to their salaries, most expatriates sent to the city by
international companies are given allowances by their employers to shield them
from the high cost of living.

Chong said professionals free to work anywhere are frustrated by the cost of
living in Hong Kong, along with the city's middle-class population.

He cites the low tax rate as another reason people are willing to work in the
city, but asks whether they will stay. He also thinks that Hong Kong is failing
in its efforts to attract available talent.

stushadow@chinadailyhk.com

From left: "Cage homes" still house many people in Hong Kong. Tyrone Siu /
Reuters Lunch at a cha chaan teng, or Hong Kongstyle diner, costs HK$50 per
person on average. Wang Shen / Xinhua Hailing a taxi costs HK$24 for the first
kilometer and HK$8.50 for each ensuing kilometer.Fiona Xue / For China Daily

Hong Kong attracts tourists with its skyscrapers and breathtaking views. But the
city has a high cost of living and was named one of the three most expensive in
the world this year.Zhang Haiyan / For China Daily

(China Daily 04/15/2019 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/26/155528926881.jpg

00221917e13e1e1e04a604.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/21/155528926911.jpg

00221917e13e1e1e04ed09.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/52/155528926940.jpg

00221917e13e1e1e04b905.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/4/155528926977.jpg

00221917e13e1e1e04cf06.jpg


                             269 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 15, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Electric startup creates a buzz with first model revealed

BYLINE: Li Fusheng

BODY:

Jinkang Seres, a subsidiary of Sokon Group, unveiled its first model last week
in Southwest China's Chongqing. The electric startup said that it will launch
more than 25 models including sedans, MPVs and SUVs by 2025.

The first model, a mid-sized SUV called the SF5, is built on an independently
developed electric platform and has a range of more than 500 kilometers on one
charge, according to the startup established three years ago in Silicon Valley
in the United States.

It is 4,700 mm in length, 1,930 mm in width and 1,625 mm in height, with its
wheelbase reaching 2,875 mm.

Featuring a dual-motor and smart four-wheel drive system, the model has a
maximum output of 510 kW and a top torque of 1,040 Nm. It uses Alibaba's
operating system, has a top speed of 250 km/h and can sprint from 0-100 km/h in
less than 3.5 seconds.

Besides the electric version, Jinkang Seres also presented a range-extender
version. In electric mode, the version can run up to 180 km. It said this meets
the daily demand of most people.

"Our dream is to render the blue skies back to city dwellers," said Zhang
Zhengping, founder and CEO of the company.

The company said the number of patents it has filed and received in China and
the US has reached more than 1,000.

It is working with a number of leading companies including Alibaba, Nvidia and
Huawei in terms of research and development.

Zhang said both the electric and the range-extender versions would be ready for
presale at the Shanghai auto show that kicks o0 on Tuesday. Prices are to be
announced later and deliveries are expected to start in the third quarter of the
year.

The models will be produced at the startup's intelligent plant in Chongqing. It
is one of the few electric startups that have won the nod from the National
Development and Reform Commission to build a plant.

The plant, with an investment of 2.5 billion yuan ($373 million), has the
state-of-the-art facilities, including more than 1,000 robots.

They have helped ensure the quality of the models produced reach the top
standards in China, Europe and the United States, said the carmaker.

Zhang said the company will let customers test drive the model before they order
customized ones through their smartphones. Through an app, the buyers can also
see what production stages his or her model is going through.

(China Daily 04/15/2019 page18)


                             270 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 12, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Huawei CBG sector offers rich prospects

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Huawei Technologies Co said on Thursday that it aims to grow the revenue of its
consumer business group, which chiefly includes smartphones and personal
computers, to $100 billion in three years and to $150 billion in five years.

Firm likely to be largest smartphone vendor in the world by end of this year

Huawei Technologies Co said on Thursday that it aims to grow the revenue of its
consumer business group, which chiefly includes smartphones and personal
computers, to $100 billion in three years and to $150 billion in five years.

The announcement came after the company's consumer business group posted $52.5
billion in revenue last year, up 45 percent year-on-year. That also marked
Huawei achieving the target of $50 billion two years ahead of schedule.

Yu Chengdong, CEO of Huawei's consumer business group, said five years later,
smartphones will account for about two-thirds of its $150 billion revenue goal,
and computers, smartwatches as well as other internet of things devices are
likely to account for about one-third or 40 percent of its CBG revenue.

According to Yu, Huawei is likely to become the largest smartphone vendor by the
end of this year at the earliest, although its products are not available in the
United States and South Korea due to "nonmarket factors".

"If not this year, we can achieve that ambition next year," Yu said. "Our market
share is still growing very rapidly." According to him, currently, one of every
three smartphones sold in China is from Huawei and he hopes that in the near
future, two out of every three smartphones sold in China are from Huawei.

The company is also expanding its presence in overseas markets, with it already
becoming the top smartphone vendor in several European countries, Yu added.

Huawei knocked Apple Inc off its second-place seat in the second quarter of
2018. The two are in fierce competition. Currently, Samsung Electronics Co is
the largest smartphone vendor in the world.

Yu also said that Huawei is open to selling its 5G modems, a key component of
smartphones, to Apple, as the United States tech giant is having difficulty in
finding an appropriate supplier.

In 2018, Huawei shipped over 200 million smartphones and it said earlier that
the Shenzhen-based company is likely to ship about 230 to 250 million
smartphones this year.

Jia Mo, an analyst from global market research company Canalys, said it is
possible for Huawei to achieve its ambitious revenue target if it can maintain
its current growth rate and everything goes well.

"Huawei is also increasing the average selling price of its smartphones and
expanding its presence in the premium segment, which will significantly boost
revenue," Jia said.

But the global smartphone market is reaching saturation point, so Huawei has to
encroach on other smartphone vendors' market share to maintain a good momentum,
Jia added.

On Thursday, Yu also unveiled the P30 smartphone series in Shanghai. Priced from
3,988 yuan ($594) in China, the P30 Pro comes with optimized photo-shooting
capabilities. By leveraging artificial intelligence and a new light sensor, the
new model would significantly boost light absorption to create better photos,
even in near darkness.

Fu Liang, an independent analyst who has been following the telecom industry for
a decade, said Huawei's personal computer and smartwatch sales are also growing
rapidly.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 04/12/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/56/155503008752.jpg

a41f726b05111e1a1a8f16.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/24/155503008801.jpg

a41f726b05111e1a1a9417.jpg


                             271 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 12, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Oppo sees opportunities in Europe for 5G devices

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Chinese smartphone vendor Oppo is making a strong push into Europe by announcing
that its 5G smartphone will enter the Swiss market as early as next month.

The company said at a launch event in Zurich that it will partner with Swisscom
AG, a major telecommunications provider in Switzerland, to bring its first
commercially available 5G device to the country.

The move is part of Oppo's "5G Landing Project," an initiative to drive
cooperation with global network operators to promote the implementation of 5G
products and services, empower new use cases for consumers and connect new
industries.

Having acquired spectrum, the Swisscom 5G network is expected to be successively
rolled out across 90 percent of Switzerland by the end of this year. Oppo's Reno
5G will be available in Switzerland at Swisscom Stores from May, and will enable
superfast connectivity wherever Swisscom 5G networks are available.

Henry Tang, head of the standards research center at Oppo, said success in the
5G era requires a robust ecosystem of device makers, operators, network
equipment manufacturers and application and content providers to drive growth
and bring new experiences to consumers.

"We are thrilled to have strong partners like Swisscom with us as a part of our
5G Landing Project as we bring Reno 5G to the market and enter an era of truly
intelligent connectivity," Tang said.

Dirk Wierzbitzki, head of products and marketing at Swisscom, said: "We are
pleased to be taking an integral step toward the future (of connectivity)
together with Oppo as we bring the first real 5G experiences to Swiss consumers
with Oppo's Reno 5G smartphone."

According to Swisscom, other smartphone vendors including China's Huawei
Technologies Co will also launch 5G handsets to Switzerland in the coming month.

"The very first 5G devices in the Swisscom shop are from Oppo, followed by other
brands such as LG (from May), Samsung (from July) and Huawei (third quarter),"
according to Xinhua News Agency, which quoted a statement from Swisscom.

Xiang Ligang, director-general of the Information Consumption Alliance, said
Oppo is trying to build itself as an innovative brand in Europe, seeking to
attract consumers with cutting-edge products and design.

"The move highlights the company's determination to conquer more developed
markets after its products became available in more than 40 countries and
regions," Xiang said.

"Oppo's preemptive 5G launch, several months ahead of other players, will give
it an edge but long-term success will depend on its product and service
capabilities," he added.

Oppo is already the second-largest smartphone vendor in China. In June 2018,
Oppo launched its high-end smartphone model Find X in Paris, marking its
official foray into Europe. As of January, it had entered nine European markets,
including Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom.

(China Daily 04/12/2019 page13)


                             272 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            April 11, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Building bridges between China and CEE

BODY:

Editor's Note: Premier Li Keqiang will meet with the leaders of 16 Central and
Eastern European countries in Dubrovnik, Croatia, on Friday to not only
strengthen the 16+1 cooperation framework but also to improve overall
China-Europe ties. Six experts share their views on future relations between
China and CEE countries and China and the European Union.

16+1 framework can bring Beijing and Brussels closer

The United States' efforts to reshape international rules to promote US
President Donald Trump's "America First" policy have created immense pressure on
both China and the European Union. And the divergent opinions of countries on
free trade, economic globalization, global governance and other important issues
have intensified competitions and distrust among global players including China
and the EU.

The basic structure of Sino-EU relations, too, is changing. To begin with,
despite its need to cooperate with China on market and technology issues, the EU
is worried that using Chinese telecommunications company Huawei's 5G technology
could compromise its security. But it is hoped that the EU, especially Western
European powers, will change their attitude toward China after they realize the
aims of China's development initiatives are to improve connectivity, promote
free trade and multilateralism, and address common concerns.

As such, the outcomes of the summit between Premier Li Keqiang and leaders of
the 16 Central and Eastern European countries in Dubrovnik, Croatia, on Friday
will set the tone for not only China-CEE countries ties but also China-EU
relations in the future. And since the summit is being held about two weeks
before the second Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation, it could
also influence the forum's agenda and future course of the Belt and Road
Initiative.

China and the 16 CEE countries have been cooperating under the 16+1 framework,
and promoting multilateralism, openness, reciprocity, mutual benefit and
innovation, which have yielded tangible results in sectors such as
infrastructure, trade, finance and education. And it is hoped that the
cooperation under the 16+1 framework will bring Beijing and Brussels closer and
inject new vitality into the Sino-EU partnership. In fact, this thinking is
reflected in the theme of the 16+1 summit, "Building Bridges of Openness,
Innovation and Partnership".

This year marks the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of
China, as well as the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and
several CEE countries. Over the past 70 years, China has charted new paths and
built new bridges in diplomacy - in line with a Chinese saying: When facing
difficulties and challenges, we should cut paths through mountains and build
bridges across rivers. And how to build a strong bridge connecting China and the
CEE countries is the main issue the 17 countries' leaders will discuss.

Balancing Sino-Croatian ties amid competing EU and BRI rules

The European Commission and the High Representative of the European Union for
Foreign Affairs and Security Policy recently called China a "cooperation
partner" as well as "systemic rival" promoting alternative models of governance.
By doing so, they have set out an overarching framework for China-Croatia
economic and political relations, notwithstanding the fact that China has
refrained from promoting alternative models of governance.

This has raised several competing questions for Croatia, as it is a European
Union member state as well as one of the 15 EU countries which have joined the
Belt and Road Initiative.

It is important therefore to analyze the range of policy options and financial
resources available to Croatia as a member of the EU and the BRI. First, the
EU's overall funds for infrastructure and economic development offered through
European Structural and Investment Funds are much larger and cheaper for the
recipient countries, especially since they come in the form of grants as opposed
to loans. But those grants are regulated via a clear set of administrative
rules, while Chinese diplomacy is more flexible but also more opaque.

Also, investor-state dispute settlement procedures between two EU states are
more precise because of the existing bilateral investment treaties, especially
if their claims are brought under the auspices of the International Centre for
Settlement of Investment Disputes. So the Belt and Road Initiative should have
coherent procedures related to investment disputes between China and EU
countries.

Besides, EU countries are guided by their adherence to the EU's rules on state
aid and government procurement. Now, the EU has added a common screening
procedure to assess whether foreign direct investment from third-party countries
constitutes a strategic and public security threat.

So it is important for Croatia to boost the EU's common negotiating position so
as to ensure transparency, reciprocity and nondiscrimination when it comes to
market access and legal security. Only this can lead to fruitful outcomes in the
long run: leveraging common resources and boosting economic exchange.

But despite the aforementioned frictions which should be handled within the
EU-China negotiating forum, there is a plenty of space for improving
Sino-Croatian trade ties through Central and Eastern European countries' joint
initiatives, and bilateral summits between Croatian and Chinese leaders.

Croatia's exports to China, however, are still meager, just more than $150
million, while imports total over $1 billion. Croatian stakeholders are also to
blame for missing out on the opportunity to cash in on the further opening-up of
the Chinese market and not taking joint initiatives with other CEE countries to
pool resources.

And although Chinese FDI in Croatia has increased in the past two years, Croatia
can still take new measures to attract more FDI, by eliminating red tape and
administrative inefficiencies for instance.

Narratives vs actions in EU-China ties

China has been advocating a community with a shared future for mankind and
win-win cooperation on the global front. This has made China's development model
gain more and more supporters worldwide, which even the US and the EU have come
to realize. China is also building up on its competitive advantages to become a
fully developed nation and a world leader in science and technology by 2050.

But despite these facts, many have called the China-proposed Belt and Road
Initiative a "debt trap" and the 16+1 mechanism a "Trojan Horse".

The EU wants to deepen trade ties with China, as underlined in the "EU-China - A
Strategic Outlook" document issued last month. But since it also sees China as a
"systemic rival" promoting alternative models of governance, it can make large
concessions only in some areas while making smaller ones in others, and no
concessions at all in sectors of national security.

Still, the CEE countries are ready to intensify cooperation with China. Most of
the euroskeptics among the CEE countries are trying to evolve and shed their
status as dependent market economies and have a stronger voice inside the EU, so
they can strengthen trade and investment ties with China.

All the CEE countries participating in the 16+1 mechanism have signed
memorandums of understanding with China in order to jointly advance the Belt and
Road Initiative. It's true that the 16+1 mechanism needs more substance in terms
of implementation of large-scale projects. Even the CEE countries have strong
critical voices against China, which cite the difference between the
expectations and achievements of the 16+1 mechanism. But more people-to-people
exchanges, the China-CEE Investment and Trade Expo in Ningbo, Zhejiang province,
and a more intense direct contact with Chinese high-quality and innovative
products have already become a reality.

The "new centrality of the Mediterranean" in the global maritime traffic is also
due to China's presence in the region. Similarly, the North Adriatic Port
Association, Via Carpathia (a planned transnational network connecting Klaipeda
in Lithuania with Thessaloniki in Greece), the Three Seas Initiative (a forum of
11 CEE countries and Austria to establish trade connectivity through the
Adriatic, Baltic and Black seas), the EU's Danube Strategy and other projects
might be better off with China as their partner. China's active presence in the
region is not against European unity. On the contrary, China needs a united and
prosperous Europe. It is ready to develop infrastructure linkages both on land
and at sea, a precondition to economic growth. China, as the "world's factory",
has the capability and willingness to also build mental bridges. China's
narratives have been always accompanied by constructive actions. This does not
mean that it wants to replace the existing partnerships but to complement and
even strengthen them.

So far, so good for Sino-Serbian ties

China-Serbia cooperation has been gaining momentum. In the economic field, two
more major Chinese investments have been made in Serbia since the last 16+1
summit.

In addition, Hisense has bought Slovenian electronics equipment manufacturer
Gorenje and relocated the entire production unit from Slovenia to Serbia.
Chinese projects in Serbia are starting to be measured not in millions but in
billions of dollars.

Chinese investors are looking at Serbia as a desirable destination. And the
measures taken by the Serbian government to attract Chinese companies are
producing results. Also, new forms of cooperation are being discussed in areas
such as energy (wind parks), infrastructure (railways and highways) and
agriculture, as well as investments in greenfield projects.

The Serbian people, too, support further intensification and expansion of
relations with Beijing. And Serbia supports Chinese initiatives in international
organizations.

In this context, Serbia sees the decision of the Italian government to join the
Belt and Road Initiative as an encouraging sign.

In many European countries Chinese investors have been welcome but those
countries' political relations with China have remained tight. But in Serbia,
the opposite is true: political relations have been excellent but for long they
have not been accompanied by deepening economic cooperation. As such, many in
Serbia (which is a candidate for EU membership) feared the country would invite
the wrath of the EU or its leading members - Germany and France. But after the
recent visit of President Xi Jinping to Italy, Monaco and France, it seems China
and the EU are moving toward building better political relations.

Recently, Steve Bannon, former White House chief strategist, told reporters in
Rome that "China, and not Russia, is a fundamental threat to the Western world".
And during the celebration of the 70th anniversary of NATO in Washington, came
the message: "In order to survive the next decades, the Alliance must think more
about the threat from the East."

China baiters will try every possible trick to pressure European countries to
rejig their relations with China. Serbia is not a NATO member, but since it is
surrounded by NATO members, it might be influenced by NATO's policies. So the
US' NATO and China policies can have negative effects on Serbia.

It is therefore necessary to undertake regional political initiatives in a
timely manner in order to amortize in advance any attempt to misuse NATO. Serbia
has the capacity to do so, and with the diplomatic support of China, a series of
new projects can be initiated in the Western Balkans to avoid negative effects.
The bottom line is, we need to strengthen relations with China. And the fact
that everything looks good for us now should not make us complacent.

Bulgaria-China relations gaining momentum

Thanks to the development of a multipolar model for international cooperation,
and economic and information globalization, Bulgaria is now engaging with a much
more complex world.

Since the importance of the Belt and Road Initiative will increase for the EU as
well as CEE countries, especially Bulgaria, the Bulgarian government should
assess the new geopolitical reality with all its possibilities, disadvantages,
shortcomings, advantages and opportunities.

Traditionally, Bulgaria has seen itself as a bridge between Europe and Asia with
a number of geopolitical and geo-economic advantages whose importance is
expected to grow and thus attract more foreign investments. That's why Bulgaria
can be a valuable partner in the 16+1 mechanism.

Although Bulgaria's "strategic geographical position" was often included in
various official comments, until last year its importance in the initiative had
not been highlighted. Bulgaria is part of the 16+1 mechanism, but until last
year its participation was quite formal, often lurid and generally passive.

Another worrying fact is the lack of a practical and sustainable strategy for
developing Bulgarian foreign policy and relations with non-EU countries. While
expert and positive advice can unite the political elite, it is currently
lacking. For example, Bulgaria's foreign policy priorities for the 2017-21
period focuses on Euro-Atlantic integration, without paying much attention to
the rest of the world.

But following the last 16+1 summit in Bulgaria, there are enough reasons to
believe Bulgaria has expedited efforts to strengthen relations with China, by
implementing the commitments it made at the summit.

In March, Bulgaria's Cabinet approved the signing of a memorandum of
understanding with China to establish a "Global Partnership Center" in Sofia.
The MoU is expected to be inked at the eighth 16+1 summit in Dubrovnik, Croatia,
on Friday. The Global Partnership Center will have various functions, including
conducting and coordinating research to promote sustainable economic cooperation
and partnerships between the 16+1 participants.

The center is also expected to help the 16 CEE countries to better understand
the laws and regulations in China, as well as establish a network of contacts
between institutions, trade and business associations, and enterprises from the
CEE countries and China in order to facilitate business contacts and information
exchange. That's why the Bulgarian prime minister said the Global Partnership
Center will help more Chinese companies and investors to enter the European
market by meeting the EU's requirements.

Seeking cooperation beyond cultures and borders

The 16+1 mechanism was established in 2012 as a platform to promote cooperation
between the 16 Central and Eastern European countries and China. But the 16 CEE
countries have wide differences. To begin with, many of them are EU members
while the rest are not. And although many of the CEE countries have a lot in
common, they still have different historical backgrounds and cultures.

Also, the 16 CEE countries had no real cooperation among them before the 16+1
mechanism was established, except for bilateral relations and competition to get
better deals with China. And their cooperation overlapped the interests of the
EU and China.

So is there a common platform on which the 16 countries can seek real
cooperation by shelving their existing differences? The EU-China cooperation
mechanism can provide such a platform, as they seek more effective collaboration
at the economic, political and people-to-people levels. The 16 countries could
also seek dialogue and collaboration with China on issues such as security,
environment, urbanization challenges, aging populations and deeper understanding
despite their cultural differences, preferred economic systems, and even
historical and territorial disputes.

In these uncertain times, the vision of looking beyond borders can lead to
peaceful coexistence, development and economic progress.

But the policies of the 16 CEE countries toward China should not be inconsistent
with the EU's common interest. The launching of "Trade, Growth and World
Affairs" as a core component of the EU's 2020 Strategy indicates the importance
of gaining access to the fastest growing world economies, China in particular.
So there is a need for an elaborate strategy toward China as part of the common
European vision.

To strengthen cooperation between China and the EU, it is necessary to
strengthen common trust and understanding in the region. The initiatives taken
in the field of culture and people-to-people dialogue, including EU-China
cooperation on people-to-people exchanges, can help bring the countries closer.

European countries should work together for a more united, stable and strong
Europe, in order to deepen cooperation with China. And the 16 CEE countries
should act as a bridge between China and the EU, which will also help strengthen
European unity. Multilateral and multiparty cooperation is also crucial for
China, and only multilateral cooperation based on international rules can help
build a better future for all.

(China Daily 04/11/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/78/155494365632.jpg

a41f726719b21e18cafb26.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/59/155494365660.jpg

a41f726719b21e18caff27.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/100/155494365682.jpg

a41f726719b21e18cb0f28.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/90/155494365704.jpg

a41f726719b21e18cb142a.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/69/155494365720.jpg

a41f726719b21e18cb1b2d.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/94/155494365741.jpg

a41f726719b21e18cb1f31.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/47/155494365757.jpg

a41f726719b21e18cb2336.jpg


                             273 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            April 10, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Chinese companies gain in global brand power rankings

BYLINE: Zheng Xin

BODY:

Brand power of Chinese brands tripled to 15 percent in 2018 from 5 percent in
2017, an indication of the robustness and competitiveness of Chinese companies,
according to a recent report.

The report, "2019 BrandZ Top 50 Chinese Global Brand Builders", jointly prepared
by advertising holding company WPP, its research firm Kantar Millward Brown, and
Google showed that brand awareness grew fastest in countries like Japan, France
and Spain, making them the emerging growth hubs.

Chinese brands from sectors like mobile games witnessed increasing awareness in
Japan, while fast fashion brands like Zaful saw traction in markets like France
and Spain, representing significant growth opportunities for Chinese companies
wanting to expand into these markets, said Doreen Wang, global head of BrandZ at
Kantar.

Huawei was the top ranked Chinese firm in the Top 50 BrandZ Chinese Global Brand
Builders, and was followed by Lenovo, Alibaba, Xiaomi and ByteDance, according
to the report.

Online fashion saw the maximum growth in terms of brand power. Consumer
electronics and mobile gaming accounted for almost half the brand power of the
Top 50 companies at 34 percent and 14 percent, followed by home appliances and
e-commerce at 11 percent and 10 percent, the report said.

According to Wang, Zaful, a one-stop online shop for fashion apparel, is a
successful example of boosting brand awareness in countries like the United
States, Canada, Australia and the United Kingdom, using advertising products
through effective platforms, such as its extensive presence on YouTube, which is
achieved via online key opinion leaders and video advertisements. It has also
been working to nurture its brand and establish clear points of difference in
the minds of its target consumers.

According to Leo Wang, founder and CEO of Zaful, the brand's strategy is to be
globally successful first and consider the domestic Chinese opportunity later,
as "what works for the rest of the world is likely to be popular in China". He
said the company has raised brand awareness through Google's search index and
its own sales data, by analyzing the target audiences.

One of the factors that leads to success in raising brand awareness is the
companies' willingness to invest in their brands in both quality and quantity,
taking advantage of platforms including YouTube and Google on the global stage
to better get access to their target audience, said Wang.

"With the brand choices increasing at a rapid pace, it's necessary that Chinese
brands ensure they thrive in an increasingly cutthroat global market, knowing
the proper way to tell a story of their brand and reach their targeted audience
precisely, which presents not only significant growth opportunities but also
unprecedented levels of competition."

Chinese brands are already perceived as innovative and cutting-edge by young
Chinese consumers, but they must be mindful of being a business operating within
an international market and adapt their communications strategy to resonate
locally. Brands that can differentiate themselves from the competition and be
more salient, staying front-of-mind for consumers, are more powerful, she added.

According to David Roth, CEO of WPP Global Retail Business, Chinese brands must
think beyond just the launch of their products to a more holistic brand building
approach. Creating an emotional and differentiated understanding for their
brands will be the real determinate of long-term success outside of China, he
said.

zhengxin@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 04/10/2019 page17)


                             274 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            April 10, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Unigroup has 1st 5G chipset for IoT devices

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Chinese technology conglomerate Tsinghua Unigroup has unveiled its first 5G
chipset for the internet of things devices, as it strives to pounce at the big
opportunities brought by fifth-generation mobile communication technology.

Move part of efforts to achieve rapid growth in the semiconductor industry

Chinese technology conglomerate Tsinghua Unigroup has unveiled its first 5G
chipset for the internet of things devices, as it strives to pounce at the big
opportunities brought by fifth-generation mobile communication technology.

The move is part of broader push by Chinese companies to achieve rapid growth in
the semiconductor industry by upgrading chip design, packaging and manufacturing
capabilities in order to better prepare for the upcoming 5G-enabled connected
era.

Unisoc Technologies Co, a core chip subsidiary of Tsinghua Unigroup, said the
IVY510 chipset can provide users with a premium experience for high data-rate
mobile broadband services such as streaming augmented reality and virtual
reality, as well as 4K and 8K high-definition video.

With its flexibility, IVY510 can be used in a wide range of 5G devices,
including residential customer premises equipment and IoT devices.

"IoT will generate bigger opportunities than smartphones in the 5G era. Unisoc's
years of experience in enabling all kinds of connections and offering a whole
set of solutions can give us a unique edge in the IoT," said Zhou Chen,
vice-president at Unisoc, on the sidelines of the China Information Technology
Expo in Shenzhen on Tuesday.

According to him, IVY510 is going through various tests and products powered by
the new chipset will hit the market in the fourth quarter of this year.

Unisoc is a leading fabless semiconductor company. It came into existence after
its parent company acquired Spreadtrum Communications Inc, the world's
third-largest mobile phone chipmaker, in 2013, and RDA Microelectronics Inc, the
fourth-largest, in 2014.

The company started research on 5G five years ago and has built the MAKALU 5G
technology platform, whose semiconductor intellectual properties and algorithms
enable Unisoc to develop chips for 5G smartphones and IoT devices. Unisoc
accounts for 40 percent of India's mobile phone chip market and its mobile phone
chips are also widely used in Africa.

China is the world's largest semiconductor market. It spends more on importing
chips than it does on crude oil imports. In 2018, its chip imports exceeded $300
billion for the first time, up from $260 billion in 2017, data from the Ministry
of Industry and Information Technology show.

Amid such robust demand, China's indigenous chip sector is working hard to beef
up its capability. Last year, the country's semiconductor industry recorded
653.2 billion yuan ($97.3 billion) in sales revenue, up 20.7 percent from a year
earlier and faster than the global average.

Established tech companies including Huawei Technologies Co and a string of
startups such as Horizon Robotics Inc are all upping their ante in the chip
sector to reduce heavy reliance on foreign processor makers.

Ding Wenwu, president of China Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund Co
Ltd, said thanks to the joint push of the whole chip industry chain, significant
progress has been made, but more efforts are needed to promote the application
of homegrown chips.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 04/10/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/82/155485735959.jpg

a41f726719b21e17729106.jpg


                             275 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            April 10, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Unigroup has 1st 5G chipset for IoT devices

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Chinese technology conglomerate Tsinghua Unigroup has unveiled its first 5G
chipset for the internet of things devices, as it strives to pounce at the big
opportunities brought by fifth-generation mobile communication technology.

Move part of efforts to achieve rapid growth in the semiconductor industry

Chinese technology conglomerate Tsinghua Unigroup has unveiled its first 5G
chipset for the internet of things devices, as it strives to pounce at the big
opportunities brought by fifth-generation mobile communication technology.

The move is part of broader push by Chinese companies to achieve rapid growth in
the semiconductor industry by upgrading chip design, packaging and manufacturing
capabilities in order to better prepare for the upcoming 5G-enabled connected
era.

Unisoc Technologies Co, a core chip subsidiary of Tsinghua Unigroup, said the
IVY510 chipset can provide users with a premium experience for high data-rate
mobile broadband services such as streaming augmented reality and virtual
reality, as well as 4K and 8K high-definition video.

With its flexibility, IVY510 can be used in a wide range of 5G devices,
including residential customer premises equipment and IoT devices.

"IoT will generate bigger opportunities than smartphones in the 5G era. Unisoc's
years of experience in enabling all kinds of connections and offering a whole
set of solutions can give us a unique edge in the IoT," said Zhou Chen,
vice-president at Unisoc, on the sidelines of the China Information Technology
Expo in Shenzhen on Tuesday.

According to him, IVY510 is going through various tests and products powered by
the new chipset will hit the market in the fourth quarter of this year.

Unisoc is a leading fabless semiconductor company. It came into existence after
its parent company acquired Spreadtrum Communications Inc, the world's
third-largest mobile phone chipmaker, in 2013, and RDA Microelectronics Inc, the
fourth-largest, in 2014.

The company started research on 5G five years ago and has built the MAKALU 5G
technology platform, whose semiconductor intellectual properties and algorithms
enable Unisoc to develop chips for 5G smartphones and IoT devices. Unisoc
accounts for 40 percent of India's mobile phone chip market and its mobile phone
chips are also widely used in Africa.

China is the world's largest semiconductor market. It spends more on importing
chips than it does on crude oil imports. In 2018, its chip imports exceeded $300
billion for the first time, up from $260 billion in 2017, data from the Ministry
of Industry and Information Technology show.

Amid such robust demand, China's indigenous chip sector is working hard to beef
up its capability. Last year, the country's semiconductor industry recorded
653.2 billion yuan ($97.3 billion) in sales revenue, up 20.7 percent from a year
earlier and faster than the global average.

Established tech companies including Huawei Technologies Co and a string of
startups such as Horizon Robotics Inc are all upping their ante in the chip
sector to reduce heavy reliance on foreign processor makers.

Ding Wenwu, president of China Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund Co
Ltd, said thanks to the joint push of the whole chip industry chain, significant
progress has been made, but more efforts are needed to promote the application
of homegrown chips.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 04/10/2019 page13)


                             276 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            April 10, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Chinese companies gain in global brand power rankings

BYLINE: Zheng Xin

BODY:

Brand power of Chinese brands tripled to 15 percent in 2018 from 5 percent in
2017, an indication of the robustness and competitiveness of Chinese companies,
according to a recent report.

The report, "2019 BrandZ Top 50 Chinese Global Brand Builders", jointly prepared
by advertising holding company WPP, its research firm Kantar Millward Brown, and
Google showed that brand awareness grew fastest in countries like Japan, France
and Spain, making them the emerging growth hubs.

Chinese brands from sectors like mobile games witnessed increasing awareness in
Japan, while fast fashion brands like Zaful saw traction in markets like France
and Spain, representing significant growth opportunities for Chinese companies
wanting to expand into these markets, said Doreen Wang, global head of BrandZ at
Kantar.

Huawei was the top ranked Chinese firm in the Top 50 BrandZ Chinese Global Brand
Builders, and was followed by Lenovo, Alibaba, Xiaomi and ByteDance, according
to the report.

Online fashion saw the maximum growth in terms of brand power. Consumer
electronics and mobile gaming accounted for almost half the brand power of the
Top 50 companies at 34 percent and 14 percent, followed by home appliances and
e-commerce at 11 percent and 10 percent, the report said.

According to Wang, Zaful, a one-stop online shop for fashion apparel, is a
successful example of boosting brand awareness in countries like the United
States, Canada, Australia and the United Kingdom, using advertising products
through effective platforms, such as its extensive presence on YouTube, which is
achieved via online key opinion leaders and video advertisements. It has also
been working to nurture its brand and establish clear points of difference in
the minds of its target consumers.

According to Leo Wang, founder and CEO of Zaful, the brand's strategy is to be
globally successful first and consider the domestic Chinese opportunity later,
as "what works for the rest of the world is likely to be popular in China". He
said the company has raised brand awareness through Google's search index and
its own sales data, by analyzing the target audiences.

One of the factors that leads to success in raising brand awareness is the
companies' willingness to invest in their brands in both quality and quantity,
taking advantage of platforms including YouTube and Google on the global stage
to better get access to their target audience, said Wang.

"With the brand choices increasing at a rapid pace, it's necessary that Chinese
brands ensure they thrive in an increasingly cutthroat global market, knowing
the proper way to tell a story of their brand and reach their targeted audience
precisely, which presents not only significant growth opportunities but also
unprecedented levels of competition."

Chinese brands are already perceived as innovative and cutting-edge by young
Chinese consumers, but they must be mindful of being a business operating within
an international market and adapt their communications strategy to resonate
locally. Brands that can differentiate themselves from the competition and be
more salient, staying front-of-mind for consumers, are more powerful, she added.

According to David Roth, CEO of WPP Global Retail Business, Chinese brands must
think beyond just the launch of their products to a more holistic brand building
approach. Creating an emotional and differentiated understanding for their
brands will be the real determinate of long-term success outside of China, he
said.

zhengxin@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 04/10/2019 page17)


                             277 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 9, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Nubia Technology unveils wearable smartphone

BYLINE: Fan Feifei

BODY:

Chinese smartphone manufacturer Nubia Technology Co Ltd has unveiled its first
wearable watch-like smartphone Alpha, as the wearable device market offers huge
development potential, amid sluggish growth in the country's smartphone segment
and mounting competition from domestic rivals.

The Nubia Alpha, which features a four-inch flexible screen manufactured by
Visionox Co Ltd, a supplier of organic light-emitting diodes or OLED, has all
the features and functionality of a phone but wraps around the wrist like a
smartwatch.

Priced at 3,499 yuan ($521), the device supports text messaging, mobile payments
and voice calls either through its built-in speaker or a connected Bluetooth
headset. As a smartwatch, the Nubia Alpha works as a fitness tracker and can
measure heart rate.

Ni Fei, manager of Nubia Technology Co Ltd's smartphone business, introduces the
company's first wearable watch-like smartphone Nubia Alpha on Monday in Beijing.
Provided to China Daily

The Shenzhen-based company said it is teaming up with China Unicom in promoting
the eSIM card, which is directly embedded on the phone chip instead of adding it
as a separate removable component to the phone. The partners will also carry out
cooperation in the 5G smartphone sector.

"The independent communication function is of great significance to wearable
devices, and will become a key foundation for the application scenarios of other
internet of things devices," said Pan Xuefei, a senior analyst at market
research firm International Data Corp, adding that she is bullish on the
prospects of the wearable smartphone sector.

"The growth potential of the smart wearables sector is obviously bigger than the
traditional smartphone sector, buoyed by the development of fifth-generation
wireless communication technology," said James Yan, research director at
Counterpoint Technology Market Research.

The worldwide market for wearable devices grew 31.4 percent during the fourth
quarter of 2018, reaching a new high of 59.3 million units, according to IDC.

"Smartwatches, meanwhile, grew 54.3 percent and accounted for 29.8 percent of
all wearable device shipments in 2018," said Ramon Llamas, a research director
from IDC.

"Apple accounted for nearly half the market and was followed by a long list of
companies that posted double and triple-digit growth. What resulted from this
was a growing list of devices available at multiple price-points to meet the
needs of a diverse market."

Xiaomi captured the second position among the top five with a 12.6 percent
share, followed by Huawei and Fitbit.

Jia Mo, an analyst with global market research company Canalys, said that
although he is not optimistic about the shipments of such wearable smartphones,
Nubia may improve its brand competitiveness through launching this product,
boost the overall sales of its smartphones.

He said how to find a balance between product performance, user experience and
price is highly crucial to the sales of a product.

fanfeifei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 04/09/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/73/155477094663.jpg

a41f726719b21e162e8106.jpg


                             278 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              April 8, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Arcfox plans to take charge by unveiling 3 new energy models

BYLINE: Li Fusheng

BODY:

Beijing New Energy Vehicle, a subsidiary of BAIC Group, is to unveil three
models of its high-end Arcfox brand on April 14 in Shanghai, as the latest move
in its efforts to get ahead in China's increasingly competitive new energy
vehicle market.

Arcfox's debut in Shanghai, which comes after its global premiere at the Geneva
Motor Show last month, is positioned as a premium brand that pursues extreme
performance, human-centered tech features and borderless design, said company
executives.

The models - GT performance cars with road and track editions and a concept
crossover - are meant to showcase the brand's signature extreme performance.

The GT was developed at BAIC Group's high-performance vehicle research and
development center in Spain, and has obtained the certification of the European
trade association. It can accelerate to 100 km/h in just 2.59 seconds, according
to the company.

The ECF concept car, with its unique smart cockpit, is the brand's first premium
intelligent SUV model with Level 3 autonomous driving for volume production.

Arcfox's first production model, a medium-and-large-sized SUV, will hit the
market early next year, said Yu Chen, a deputy general manager of the brand.

Among other things, the model will have a range of more than 600 kilometers and
will be hardware ready for Level 3 autonomous driving functions, with software
able to be updated over the air.

Its rivals will include the ES8 SUV from Nasdaq-listed Chinese electric car
startup Nio.

"Arcfox is the latest result based on the BJEV's accumulation of expertise in
new energy vehicles in the past years," Yu said.

BJEV is China's largest electric carmaker. Last year, it delivered 158,000 cars,
more than one-tenth of the country's total new energy vehicle sales.

Yu said three major partners - Daimler, Huawei and Magna - also helped in the
brand's development.

Arcfox conducts technical validation at a lab Daimler built with BAIC, which is
also its partner that locally produces Mercedes-Benz models. Chinese technology
giant Huawei will provide connectivity and 5G-related solutions in Arcfox
models.

Magna International, the Canadian automotive supplier, has an even bigger role
to play. It has established two joint ventures with BJEV, one specializing in
electric vehicle design and development, and the other a car manufacturing
plant.

Located in Zhenjiang, Jiangsu province, the plant is one of the most advanced
manufacturing facilities in China, capable of producing steel and aluminum car
bodies, according to Arcfox.

The joint venture brings together Magna's vehicle engineering knowhow and BJEV's
local clout to develop next-generation smart electric vehicle technology for the
Chinese market, said BJEV.

The company said 70 percent of Arcfox's suppliers are global top 50 companies.

Arcfox aims to play a leading role in shaping the future of electric mobility
and is also a part of BAIC's globalization strategy.

"Arcfox is the beam of light that BAIC Group presents to the world with its
innovation and this beam of light is illuminating the way for us to move
forward," said BAIC Chairman Xu Heyi.

BAIC, partner of Daimler and South Korea's Hyundai, is one of the largest
State-owned carmakers in China. It will showcase up to 20 models from different
brands to visitors at the forthcoming Shanghai auto show, which will get under
way on April 16.

lifusheng@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 04/08/2019 page19)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/62/155468444608.jpg

a41f726719b21e14d64b3e.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/8/155468444627.jpg

a41f726719b21e14d64e3f.jpg


                             279 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              April 8, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Beijing and Brussels seek common areas of interests

BYLINE: Fraser Cameron

BODY:

Premier Li Keqiang's visit to Brussels for the annual China-EU Summit on April 9
comes soon after the European Union described China as a "systemic rival" and
President Xi Jinping called for greater trust between the two sides.

The "rival" tag comes because the EU has faced criticism that it is not doing
enough to protect European businesses dealing with China. European Council
President Donald Tusk and European Commission President Jean Claude-Juncker,
too, have complained that Beijing has not responded to their requests for
creating a level playing field for foreign and domestic enterprises in China.

This lack of reciprocity has pushed the EU to take a tougher stance in its trade
relations with China. There will soon be a screening process in place for
Chinese foreign direct investment in Europe, there will be pressure on China to
stop or reduce its industrial subsidies, and there could be restrictions on the
procurement front.

The EU's criticisms spill over into the Belt and Road Initiative. The EU claims
the initiative is too China-centric, and that there is insufficient transparency
and little attention is paid to sustainability. The EU has its own connectivity
strategy and before the summit China and the EU will hold their first meeting on
a connectivity platform to try and work out ways to strengthen cooperation. Both
sides are keen to set up a working group on rail corridors.

The readiness to cooperate on connectivity shows that both sides are keen to
look for areas to deepen their strategic partnership. Other areas where there is
good cooperation include climate change, ocean governance, Afghanistan and Iran.

During his visit to France, Xi talked of overcoming the trust deficit with the
EU. Trust is developed when relations are based on honesty rather than trying to
hide difficult issues under the table. That's why Tusk talked about a balanced
relationship which ensures fair competition and equal market access. He also
called on China to accept that industrial subsidies must be a crucial element of
the World Trade Organization reform.

The China-EU Summit will take stock of the lengthy negotiations for a bilateral
investment agreement and also discuss a number of global issues likely to be on
the G20 agenda such as sustainable development and cyber security. Both sides
describe themselves as strong supporters of multilateralism but have different
views on multilateralism at times when it comes to practice.

The China-EU relationship is now multi-faceted, so it can be complicated. The
two sides are different in their political values and economic structures.
Differences will remain over human rights and internet freedom. The two sides
will also take time to adjust to changes in the geopolitical landscape.

The United States is the elephant in the room at most international gatherings.
So how the China-US trade disputes are tackled will have an impact on the EU as
well as China. The EU also has to decide whether to bow to US pressure and ban
Chinese telecommunications giant Huawei from its 5G networks. The indications so
far are that there will be no outright ban.

Interestingly, European demands for reciprocity in market access could help
China deepen domestic economic reform, strengthen intellectual property rights
protection and create more space for private enterprises.

EU concerns over the Belt and Road Initiative could also push China toward a
more multilateral approach to connectivity. There is no doubt about the demand
in all European and Asian countries for better infrastructure, clean energy and
sustainable development.

As such, Li will find a more assertive EU seeking an acceleration of the
negotiations for an all-pervasive investment agreement with China.

The author is director of the EU Asia Centre in Brussels.

The views don't necessarily represent those of China Daily.

(China Daily 04/08/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/55/155468445381.jpg

00221917e13e1e14cf471f.jpg


                             280 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              April 8, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Arcfox plans to take charge by unveiling 3 new energy models

BYLINE: Li Fusheng

BODY:

Beijing New Energy Vehicle, a subsidiary of BAIC Group, is to unveil three
models of its high-end Arcfox brand on April 14 in Shanghai, as the latest move
in its efforts to get ahead in China's increasingly competitive new energy
vehicle market.

Arcfox's debut in Shanghai, which comes after its global premiere at the Geneva
Motor Show last month, is positioned as a premium brand that pursues extreme
performance, human-centered tech features and borderless design, said company
executives.

The models - GT performance cars with road and track editions and a concept
crossover - are meant to showcase the brand's signature extreme performance.

The GT was developed at BAIC Group's high-performance vehicle research and
development center in Spain, and has obtained the certification of the European
trade association. It can accelerate to 100 km/h in just 2.59 seconds, according
to the company.

The ECF concept car, with its unique smart cockpit, is the brand's first premium
intelligent SUV model with Level 3 autonomous driving for volume production.

Arcfox's first production model, a medium-and-large-sized SUV, will hit the
market early next year, said Yu Chen, a deputy general manager of the brand.

Among other things, the model will have a range of more than 600 kilometers and
will be hardware ready for Level 3 autonomous driving functions, with software
able to be updated over the air.

Its rivals will include the ES8 SUV from Nasdaq-listed Chinese electric car
startup Nio.

"Arcfox is the latest result based on the BJEV's accumulation of expertise in
new energy vehicles in the past years," Yu said.

BJEV is China's largest electric carmaker. Last year, it delivered 158,000 cars,
more than one-tenth of the country's total new energy vehicle sales.

Yu said three major partners - Daimler, Huawei and Magna - also helped in the
brand's development.

Arcfox conducts technical validation at a lab Daimler built with BAIC, which is
also its partner that locally produces Mercedes-Benz models. Chinese technology
giant Huawei will provide connectivity and 5G-related solutions in Arcfox
models.

Magna International, the Canadian automotive supplier, has an even bigger role
to play. It has established two joint ventures with BJEV, one specializing in
electric vehicle design and development, and the other a car manufacturing
plant.

Located in Zhenjiang, Jiangsu province, the plant is one of the most advanced
manufacturing facilities in China, capable of producing steel and aluminum car
bodies, according to Arcfox.

The joint venture brings together Magna's vehicle engineering knowhow and BJEV's
local clout to develop next-generation smart electric vehicle technology for the
Chinese market, said BJEV.

The company said 70 percent of Arcfox's suppliers are global top 50 companies.

Arcfox aims to play a leading role in shaping the future of electric mobility
and is also a part of BAIC's globalization strategy.

"Arcfox is the beam of light that BAIC Group presents to the world with its
innovation and this beam of light is illuminating the way for us to move
forward," said BAIC Chairman Xu Heyi.

BAIC, partner of Daimler and South Korea's Hyundai, is one of the largest
State-owned carmakers in China. It will showcase up to 20 models from different
brands to visitors at the forthcoming Shanghai auto show, which will get under
way on April 16.

lifusheng@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 04/08/2019 page19)


                             281 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              April 8, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Arcfox plans to take charge by unveiling 3 new energy models

BYLINE: Li Fusheng

BODY:

Beijing New Energy Vehicle, a subsidiary of BAIC Group, is to unveil three
models of its high-end Arcfox brand on April 14 in Shanghai, as the latest move
in its efforts to get ahead in China's increasingly competitive new energy
vehicle market.

Arcfox's debut in Shanghai, which comes after its global premiere at the Geneva
Motor Show last month, is positioned as a premium brand that pursues extreme
performance, human-centered tech features and borderless design, said company
executives.

The models - GT performance cars with road and track editions and a concept
crossover - are meant to showcase the brand's signature extreme performance.

The GT was developed at BAIC Group's high-performance vehicle research and
development center in Spain, and has obtained the certification of the European
trade association. It can accelerate to 100 km/h in just 2.59 seconds, according
to the company.

The ECF concept car, with its unique smart cockpit, is the brand's first premium
intelligent SUV model with Level 3 autonomous driving for volume production.

Arcfox's first production model, a medium-and-large-sized SUV, will hit the
market early next year, said Yu Chen, a deputy general manager of the brand.

Among other things, the model will have a range of more than 600 kilometers and
will be hardware ready for Level 3 autonomous driving functions, with software
able to be updated over the air.

Its rivals will include the ES8 SUV from Nasdaq-listed Chinese electric car
startup Nio.

"Arcfox is the latest result based on the BJEV's accumulation of expertise in
new energy vehicles in the past years," Yu said.

BJEV is China's largest electric carmaker. Last year, it delivered 158,000 cars,
more than one-tenth of the country's total new energy vehicle sales.

Yu said three major partners - Daimler, Huawei and Magna - also helped in the
brand's development.

Arcfox conducts technical validation at a lab Daimler built with BAIC, which is
also its partner that locally produces Mercedes-Benz models. Chinese technology
giant Huawei will provide connectivity and 5G-related solutions in Arcfox
models.

Magna International, the Canadian automotive supplier, has an even bigger role
to play. It has established two joint ventures with BJEV, one specializing in
electric vehicle design and development, and the other a car manufacturing
plant.

Located in Zhenjiang, Jiangsu province, the plant is one of the most advanced
manufacturing facilities in China, capable of producing steel and aluminum car
bodies, according to Arcfox.

The joint venture brings together Magna's vehicle engineering knowhow and BJEV's
local clout to develop next-generation smart electric vehicle technology for the
Chinese market, said BJEV.

The company said 70 percent of Arcfox's suppliers are global top 50 companies.

Arcfox aims to play a leading role in shaping the future of electric mobility
and is also a part of BAIC's globalization strategy.

"Arcfox is the beam of light that BAIC Group presents to the world with its
innovation and this beam of light is illuminating the way for us to move
forward," said BAIC Chairman Xu Heyi.

BAIC, partner of Daimler and South Korea's Hyundai, is one of the largest
State-owned carmakers in China. It will showcase up to 20 models from different
brands to visitors at the forthcoming Shanghai auto show, which will get under
way on April 16.

lifusheng@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 04/08/2019 page19)


                             282 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            April 3, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Huawei plans cloud computing nodes in Brazil and Chile

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Huawei Technologies Co will soon build cloud computing nodes or availability
zones in Brazil and Chile, as part of the Chinese technology giant' efforts to
expand its presence in the global cloud arena.

Zheng Yelai, president of Huawei's cloud business, said the Shenzhen-based
company has been partnering with Spanish telecom carrier, Telefonica, to operate
cloud services in Latin America, but as Huawei's consumer business, including
smartphones, is becoming increasingly popular in that region, it has decided to
build its own cloud computing nodes.

"We have had a fabulous performance in foreign countries. By the end of this
year, Huawei Cloud's overseas performance is likely to exceed that of other
Chinese cloud service providers," Zheng said, without providing more details.

Visitors learn about Huawei Technologies Co's cloud service products during an
industry expo in Wuzhen, Zhejiang province. Zhu Xingxin / China Daily

According to him, the company now has a sound cloud infrastructure in the
Asia-Pacific region, with three availability zones in Singapore, three in Hong
Kong and two in Thailand.

The comments came after Huawei officially started operating public cloud
services in South Africa in December. It is deploying a regional data center in
Johannesburg, from which its cloud services can cover neighboring countries and
regions. More data centers are also in the pipeline to extend its reach across
the continent.

In Europe, Huawei is also partnering with local telecom carriers such as Orange
SA to offer cloud services or build up their public cloud capabilities with the
help of Huawei technology.

Huawei is the world's largest telecom equipment maker and a leading smartphone
maker. Its products and services are already available in more than 170
countries and regions. "We are leveraging our years of partnership with foreign
telecom carriers to better localize our cloud services," Zheng said.

Huawei has been working hard to beef up its competence. By the end of 2018, it
has developed more than 160 cloud services and 140 solutions for a wide range of
sectors, which according to Zheng enables Huawei Cloud to cater to varied market
demands.

The global public cloud market will surge to $206.2 billion in 2019, rising 17
percent year-on-year from the expected $175.8 billion in 2018, market research
company Gartner Inc forecast.

Chinese companies Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and Tencent Holdings Ltd are also
working hard to build more overseas cloud computing nodes, to compete with
global giants including Amazon.com Inc and Microsoft Corp.

Charlie Dai, principal analyst at market research company Forrester, said the
company's latest report found that in the third quarter of 2018, Huawei has
executed a visionary product strategy that enabled it to take the top slot in
China.

In the global market, Huawei is strategically opening up new regions and cloud
services, aiming to strike the right balance between its partnership with global
telecommunication providers and its own cloud operations expansion, Dai said.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 04/03/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/100/155425360335.jpg

a41f726719b21e0e38aa05.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/36/155425360364.jpg

a41f726719b21e0e38be06.jpg


                             283 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 2, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: China, NZ show that they want to build on their firsts

BODY:

New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern has been widely and rightly praised
for the leadership she displayed after the right wing terror attacks on two
mosques in Christchurch. Now, on a visit to Beijing, her first to the city since
taking office more than a year ago and her first overseas trip since the
tragedy, she had an opportunity to demonstrate that New Zealand is a country
that is open to new possibilities and welcoming of regional and global
cooperation, as she portrayed it in her memorial speech.

At their meeting on Monday, President Xi Jinping extended his condolences and
said that her proceeding with the visit at such a sensitive time showed the
importance of bilateral relations.

That Xi and Premier Li Keqiang held separate meetings with Ardern on Monday,
indicates how highly Beijing values its ties with Wellington and its willingness
to deepen and widen bilateral cooperation.

Relations between the two countries have made remarkable progress in recent
years, producing many "firsts", including New Zealand being the first developed
country to recognize China as a market economy, the first to sign a free trade
agreement with China and the first to sign a memorandum of understanding on the
Belt and Road Initiative with China.

But against this rosy picture there have been less desirable undercurrents too.
These have largely stemmed from Wellington's seeming enthusiasm to jump on the
US bandwagon to contain the overseas growth of Chinese science and technology
companies.

Ardern took pains to show that is not the case and New Zealand is seeking to
view its ties with China from a broad perspective and is willing to provide a
fair and transparent investment environment to Chinese companies, when speaking
to the media ahead of her visit. She said that New Zealand makes its decisions
independent of the other Five Eyes nations, and that reports the Chinese telecom
provider Huawei has been banned in New Zealand are untrue. Five Eyes is the
Anglosphere electronic eavesdropping alliance that comprises Australia, Canada,
the United Kingdom, the United States, and New Zealand.

As long as China and New Zealand continue to build political mutual trust and
treat each other as equal partners, there are undoubtedly bright prospects for
their bilateral interaction.

China is already New Zealand's largest trading partner, largest origin country
for foreign students, and second-largest source of foreign tourists. During
Ardern's visit, the two countries have signed agreements on avoiding double
taxation, as well as on agriculture, financial dialogue and science and
research. And on Saturday, the 2019 China-New Zealand Year of Tourism was
officially inaugurated with an aim to enhance mutual understanding and
facilitate people-to-people exchanges.

Although, there has been much speculation in recent months on the trajectory of
New Zealand's ties with China, Ardern's visit, although shorter than planned
because of the Christchurch attacks, has shown that rather than souring,
bilateral ties are getting fresh impetus and gaining greater momentum.

(China Daily 04/02/2019 page8)


                             284 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             April 2, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Investing key in talks with New Zealand

BYLINE: Xu Wei and Hu Yongqi

BODY:

President Xi Jinping called on New Zealand to provide a fair and unbiased
business environment for Chinese investors while hailing the country as a
sincere friend and cooperative partner in a meeting with Prime Minister Jacinda
Ardern on Monday.

Xi advocates accelerating FTA upgrade in meeting with PM Jacinda Ardern

President Xi Jinping called on New Zealand to provide a fair and unbiased
business environment for Chinese investors while hailing the country as a
sincere friend and cooperative partner in a meeting with Prime Minister Jacinda
Ardern on Monday.

China will continue to support capable businesses in seeking investment
opportunities in New Zealand, and the two nations should accelerate talks over
upgrading their bilateral free-trade agreement, Xi said.

The one-day visit by Ardern, her first since coming to office in October 2017,
came after New Zealand stopped mobile phone company Spark from using Huawei
equipment in its planned 5G upgrade in November, citing security concerns.

Xi said the timing of the visit also indicated the great importance Ardern
places on relations with China.

Under the new circumstances, it is important for both sides to stick to the
principle of mutual trust and benefits, and keep enriching the bilateral
comprehensive strategic partnership, he said.

China is willing to work with New Zealand to enable their bilateral relations to
continue to play a pioneering role in China's relations with the West, he added.

Xi also called on both sides to step up mutual understanding, trust and respect
each other's core interests and major concerns with an open, inclusive spirit.

Xi added that China welcomes New Zealand to take part in building the Belt and
Road.

He also urged greater bilateral cooperation in international affairs, jointly
promoting the development of an open world economy and safeguarding
multilateralism and the multilateral trading regime.

China has prioritized coping with the challenges of the climate change and is
willing to work with New Zealand to jointly promote the sustainable development
of Pacific island countries, he said.

The two nations should also further exchanges and cooperation in areas including
education, culture, science and technology as well as ensuring the success of
the China-New Zealand Year of Tourism events, he said.

Ardern expressed her appreciation for Xi's condolences and support following the
terrorist attack in Christchurch, adding that her choice to proceed with the
visit despite the event "does reflect the value New Zealand places on its
relationship with China".

She called the bilateral relationship "one of our most important and
far-reaching relationships", a point she said she has made in speeches over the
past year.

She said she hopes that through the visit, the two nations can strengthen their
bilateral comprehensive strategic partnership and deepen cooperation in trade
and people-to-people exchanges.

She also reiterated New Zealand's adherence to the one-China policy and its
independent foreign policy, as well as its firm support for multilateralism and
free trade.

Ardern met with Premier Li Keqiang on Monday morning, and the two witnessed the
signing of four cooperative documents to promote cooperation in tax issues,
agriculture, finance and science at a signing ceremony. A joint declaration on
climate change was also released after their meeting.

Zhao Jianglin, a researcher of Asia-Pacific economic studies at the Chinese
Academy of Social Sciences, said the visit by Ardern will provide a timely boost
to China-New Zealand relations after the dispute over the use of Chinese telecom
equipment.

China has been a key trade partner with New Zealand, which could also provide
important support to the Belt and Road Initiative and China's relations with
countries in the South Pacific, she said.

Contact the writers at xuwei@chinadaily.com.cn

Premier Li Keqiang and New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern witness the
signing of several bilateral cooperation agreements on Monday in Beijing. Kuang
Linhua / China Daily

(China Daily 04/02/2019 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/77/155416712148.jpg

a41f726b05111e0ce78504.jpg


                             285 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              April 1, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Shanghai blazes tech trail for other cities to follow

BYLINE: He Wei in Shanghai

BODY:

The city of Shanghai is serious about achieving big-ticket technological
breakthroughs, and is rolling up its sleeves to make them happen.

This new-found resolve has been most palpable in a string of heavyweight
information technology trade shows and forums in the city, which taps into
frontier realms from the internet of things, artificial intelligence to chips.

The Shanghai International IT& Electronics Fair, Asia's biggest information
technology fair by exhibition space and visitor numbers, was held from March 19
to 21 with six sub-theme exhibitions such as Semicon China and Electronica
China.

Besides, a laser photonics show was hosted during the same period to showcase
latest breakthroughs in laser-powered manufacturing.

These were aimed at boosting development of the local IT industry, especially in
electronics manufacture and industrial intelligent upgrades, according to Zhang
Li, a senior official of the Shanghai Municipal Commission of Economy and
Informatization.

Such moves have accorded with Shanghai's achievement in fostering
next-generation IT industry, whose output hit 365.1 billion yuan ($54.37
billion) in 2018, up nearly 6 percent year-on-year, according to government
data.

Notably, the city has pioneered China's fifth-generation or 5G communications
deployment, becoming a member of the National 5G Innovation Center that is
designed to draft industry standards.

It is also embarking on deploying a trial 5G network for the annual China
International Import Expo, and has solicited relevant companies to test the
5G+8K video transmission platform, which allows faster and smoother
video-streaming experience.

"Our priority for 2019 is to push ahead with 5G, by forging industrial
alliances, supporting 5G-related research and development, encouraging players
to be part of the 5G standard-setting, as well as fostering an application
ecosystem," Zhang said.

Earlier this year, China Mobile's Shanghai branch teamed up with telecom giant
Huawei to deploy a 5G network in the city's Hongqiao Railway Station, allowing
passengers to experience data speeds up to 100 times faster than what is
currently available.

The country is on course to become the world's first country to launch 5G
stand-alone networks, which can accelerate the adoption of industrial IoT, cloud
computing and AI, and become a key tool to stimulate investment and consumption,
said Edison Lee, an equity analyst at Jefferies.

"China's definition of a successful 5G might include having at least one-third
of the world's 5G base stations within five years of license issue, and having
at least half of the world's 5G users within five years," he said.

Patrick Hui, PwC's consulting partner on the Chinese mainland and in Hong Kong,
said that spending on fundamental research is set to increase in China,
particularly in sectors such as semiconductors, as the country strives to move
up the value chain and pursue high-quality growth.

The consultancy found that Chinese companies recorded 34.4 percent jump in R&D
expenditure to reach $60.1 billion in 2018, eclipsing the global average of 11.4
percent.

hewei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 04/01/2019 page16)


                             286 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              April 1, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Shanghai's 5G district undergoes trial run

BYLINE: He Wei in Shanghai

BODY:

Shanghai has taken a fresh step in leading the 5G pack by constructing what it
says is the world's first district boasting both the coverage of a fifth
generation mobile network and a gigabit broadband network.

The latest prototype, which serves as a precursor to larger-scale 5G commercial
use versions set to be unveiled this year, underscores how China is determined
to be a world leader in digital technology, experts said.

A trial run of the 5G network, backed by the country's top telecom carrier China
Mobile, officially began on Saturday in Shanghai's Hongkou district, where 5G
base stations have been deployed to ensure full coverage.

During a kickoff ceremony, Shanghai Vice-Mayor Wu Qing made the first video call
under the 5G network using a Huawei Mate X handset, the world's first 5G
foldable AI phone. When fully operational, subscribers will enjoy the same
service without needing to upgrade their SIM cards.

The city aims to build over 10,000 5G base stations by the end of this year, and
the figure is expected to surpass 30,000 in 2021, said Zhang Jianming,
vice-director of the Shanghai Municipal Economic and Informatization Commission,
the local telecom and industry regulator.

A comprehensive deployment of the superfast network, which transmits at least 10
times faster than 4G at peak rates, is conducive to the development of
industrial manufacturing, internet-connected cars, healthcare and smart city
management, all of which are strategically critical industries for Shanghai and
China, Zhang said.

"Shanghai also aims to nurture over 100 innovative companies specialized in
exploring 5G-related application scenarios, whose industrial output is expected
to reach 100 billion yuan ($14.9 billion) by 2021," he noted.

5G opens up new possibilities for a multitude of life-transforming applications
- from 3D video to immersive media, autonomous vehicles and the enablement of
smart cities, thanks to the ultrahigh data transmission rates, enhanced capacity
and reduced latency, according to global consultancy Ernst & Young.

"It is also the key to unlock other technologies such as artificial
intelligence, robotics and the internet of things, therefore providing
tremendous potential in China that could not be underestimated," said Steve Lo,
managing partner of technology, media and telecommunications at Ernst & Young
China.

Provinces and municipalities are scrambling to climb the 5G ladder and
incorporate the development of 5G into their respective government work reports
this year.

Last week, Chengdu, capital of Sichuan province, vowed to realize large-scale
commercial use of 5G by 2020, whereas Wuhan in Central China said it has
completed a trial network encompassing over 100 5G base stations to conduct
experiments in autonomous driving, drone patrols and Beidou satellite-backed
precise positioning.

China Mobile vice-president Jian Qin said the carrier has invested "the most" in
Shanghai to help the city expand its 5G network and nurture related
applications, thanks to its solid infrastructure in many aspects.

"A sound economic environment, systematic industrial outlay, huge market
potential and a vast talent pool have given Shanghai a unique edge in pioneering
some of the nation's and even the world's leading information technology
practices," said Liang Zhiqiang, vice-general manager of China Mobile Shanghai.

In February, Shanghai announced a 5G deployment program in Hongqiao Railway
Station, where users can ideally watch live broadcasts of town hall meetings.

hewei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 04/01/2019 page1)


                             287 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            March 30, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Nation calls for global partnership in 5G tech

BYLINE: Cheng Yu

BODY:

The nation has called for global cooperation in building 5G standards and
networks to expedite 5G commercialization, so that consumers worldwide can
benefit from the superfast technology as soon as possible.

"Openness, cooperation and unified global standards are keys to commercializing
the fifth-generation wireless technology," said Miao Wei, minister of industry
and information technology, at the Boao Forum for Asia, which ended on Friday.

Miao noted that in Europe, China accounted for 30 percent of the total patents
needed for 5G standards.

A Boao Forum for Asia participant tries 5G live broadcast on the sidelines of
the event. Wang Zhuangfei / China Daily

"It means that although China is playing a critical role in the process, (5G
commercialization) should be an achievement combining global efforts," said
Miao, adding that 5G commercialization cannot be achieved by a single country.

The remarks came as the global telecommunications industry is vying for a
5G-enabled world, while China is pioneering network construction and
experimenting with cutting-edge applications, including remote 5G surgery and
autonomous driving.

"The internet of vehicles, represented by autonomous driving, is likely to
become the earliest application of 5G technology," said Miao, predicting that 80
percent of 5G applications will involve communication between objects.

With the coming of 5G commercialization, Miao disclosed that the ministry has
reached a major consensus with the Ministry of Transport to make traditional
roads and related infrastructure "digitalized" and "intelligent".

Traffic lights, for instance, will benefit from 5G, with its large bandwidth and
low latency, enabling them to send signals according to real-time road
conditions, he said.

Currently in China, major equipment makers including Huawei Technologies Co Ltd
are developing related standards, technologies and infrastructure.

"The 5G-related plans made by telecom experts might not meet the actual needs in
real applications," said Yang Chaobin, president of 5G product line at Huawei.
"Therefore, it's important to involve all types of industries in 5G
construction."

As a pioneer of 5G technology development, Yang said that Huawei has already
cooperated with LG Electronics to build 15,000 base stations in South Korea.

Li Huidi, vice-president of major telecom carrier China Mobile Communications
Group, added that more efforts are needed to build a complete network and a
mature end-to-end industry chain.

"China Mobile will leverage artificial intelligence, the internet of things and
cloud computing to integrate with 5G to create a well-rounded network, so that
more applications can be offered," he added.

chengyu@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 03/30/2019 page5)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/87/155390068680.jpg

a41f726719b21e08ec5b0e.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/69/155390068718.jpg

a41f726719b21e08ec730f.jpg


                             288 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            March 30, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Huawei to invest $2b in security of systems

BYLINE: Ma Si in Shenzhen

BODY:

Huawei Technologies Co is making what is arguably its biggest push to ensure
cybersecurity for the rollout of its 5G technology as it eyes double-digit
growth in 2019 despite challenges in overseas markets.

Guo Ping, Huawei's rotating chairman, said on Friday that the Shenzhen-based
company's performance in the past 30 years has proved that it has the best
security record in the telecom industry.

Huawei will spend $2 billion over the next five years on enhancing its software
engineering capabilities, making "both the company's coding processes and
results secure and trustworthy", he said.

Guo's comments came after Huawei was criticized in a report from a board that
monitors Huawei's activities in the United Kingdom. The report said the board
can only provide "limited assurance" that all national security risks stemming
from Huawei's involvement in local networks can be "sufficiently mitigated long
term".

Guo said the report shows that Huawei's presence in the UK is subject to the
toughest and most rigorous regulation in the world, and the report did not
suggest that the UK networks are more vulnerable than they were last year.

"We're confident about our continuous work with foreign authorities in ensuring
network safety," he said, adding that in the past two years, the company has not
had a single major cyberattack.

On Friday, Huawei also unveiled its revenue goal for 2019. Guo said the company
is highly likely to achieve double-digit growth this year, despite growing
geopolitical pressure amid the worldwide security debate over 5G.

In the first two months of 2019, revenue has risen by over 30 percent. Last
year, Huawei posted revenue of $105.2 billion, up 19.5 percent year-on-year, on
the back of strong momentum from its smartphone businesses. It was the first
time the company surpassed $100 billion in revenue.

Xiang Ligang, director-general of the Information Consumption Alliance, said
Huawei is now making its "biggest" push to boost engineering capabilities to
ease the concerns of foreign regulators and mobile operators.

"No factual evidence has been given to support the accusation of Huawei
cybersecurity risks. As long as the Chinese company maintains its technological
edge, more countries will embrace Huawei's products," Xiang said.

This week, the European Commission published a recommendation on 5G security
that did not include a ban on Huawei products. Although the United States has
repeatedly called for such a ban, the European Commission left the decision in
the hands of the member states.

Huawei said its products and services are available in more than 170 countries
and regions. It also has more than 13,000 suppliers around the world in Japan,
the United States and other countries.

Guo said on Friday that the company has a backup plan to ensure normal
operations in case the US decides to prevent US companies from supplying chips
to Huawei. But he did not disclose details.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 03/30/2019 page1)


                             289 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            March 30, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Australia sets up foundation to improve China ties

BYLINE: Zhou Jin

BODY:

The Australian government on Friday announced the establishment of a national
foundation to boost relations with China and appointed a top China specialist as
the new ambassador to Beijing.

Australian Foreign Minister Marise Payne said the new and innovative National
Foundation for Australia-China Relations aims to "strengthen one of Australia's
most significant bilateral relationships".

It will harness efforts of the private sector, NGOs, cultural organizations,
state and federal agencies and the Chinese-Australian community to accelerate
efforts to engage China, Australia's foreign ministry said in a statement.

The foundation is "a fitting successor to the existing Australia-China Council",
but will move beyond the council's current focus on education, culture and the
arts to also promote Australian excellence in areas such as agriculture,
infrastructure, health, the environment and energy, it said.

Also, Graham Fletcher - described by Australian media as a fluent Mandarin
speaker with three previous postings in China - was appointed as the next
Australian ambassador to Beijing starting in July. Fletcher is head of the
Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade's north Asia division.

Wang Yiwei, a professor of international relations at Renmin University of
China, said the moves sent a positive signal to improve relations with China but
more concrete action was needed.

The bumps in China-Australia relations were mainly due to lack of trust,
especially Australia's misunderstanding about the development of China, Wang
said.

Tensions between China and Australia have been growing over issues such as the
ban on Chinese telecom giant Huawei's involvement in Australia's 5G network, the
reported targeting of China through Australia's foreign interference laws, and
the country's concerns over Chinese influence in Pacific island nations.

Xu Xiujun, a leading researcher at the Institute of World Economics and Politics
at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, said the appointment of a China
expert reflects Canberra's hopes to see Fletcher act as a bridge to strengthen
communication with Beijing and promote mutual trust.

"China and Australia have no historical grievances and enjoy mutually beneficial
cooperation," he said, adding that strengthening bilateral cooperation is in
line with the fundamental interests of both countries.

"Worsening China-Australia relations have brought a lot of pressure and
challenges to the economic and social development of Australia," he said, adding
that China is a vital partner for Australia to maintain its economic growth.

zhoujin@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 03/30/2019 page1)


                             290 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            March 28, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Huawei hails EU's rational stance on 5G

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Chinese tech company Huawei Technologies Co said on Wednesday that it welcomes
the objective approach of the European Commission's recommendation on 5G
security, which did not include a ban on the company's equipment in the
next-generation wireless network.

European Commission rejects hardline position taken by US on cybersecurity

Chinese tech company Huawei Technologies Co said on Wednesday that it welcomes
the objective approach of the European Commission's recommendation on 5G
security, which did not include a ban on the company's equipment in the
next-generation wireless network.

"Huawei welcomes the objective and proportionate approach of the European
Commission's recommendation on 5G security. Huawei understands the cybersecurity
concerns that European regulators have. Based on mutual understanding, Huawei
looks forward to contributing to the European framework on cybersecurity," the
Shenzhen-based company said in a statement to China Daily.

"We are firmly committed to continue working with all regulators and partners to
make the 5G rollout in Europe a success," said Abraham Liu, chief representative
of Huawei to the European institutions, in the statement.

The comments came after the European Commission laid out a broad strategy on
Tuesday aimed at ensuring its future 5G networks are secure from cyber threats.
Despite the mounting pressure from the United States, which called for a ban on
Huawei in the Europe's 5G network, the European Commission left the decision in
the hands of the member states.

At the national level, the European Commission said each member state should
complete a national risk assessment of 5G network infrastructures by the end of
June 2019. At the European Union level, member states should exchange
information and complete a coordinated risk assessment by Oct 1, 2019. On that
basis, member states would agree on a set of mitigating measures that can be
used at national level.

The recommendation said member states have the right to exclude companies from
their markets for national security reasons, and possible risks in relation to
third-country should be assessed, but did not single out any particular company
or country of origin.

Wang Yanhui, secretary-general of the Mobile China Alliance, said the
announcement marks another blow to US efforts to discourage its allies from
using Huawei, the world's largest telecom equipment maker.

"It shows that the US could not garner support from other countries. It did not
offer any factual evidence to support its accusations of Huawei's cyber security
risks," Wang said.

Huawei has many partners in Europe which include big-name mobile operators such
as Deutsche Telekom, British Telecom, Vodafone, Orange and Proximus.

The Chinese company has more than 12,000 employees in Europe, over 70 percent of
whom are hired locally, according to Huawei. In 2018, the company procured goods
and services worth $6.3 billion from Europe.

Nick Read, CEO of Vodafone - the world's second-largest mobile operator - said
at a conference in Spain last month that Huawei's equipment was already in use
for 4G purposes in Europe, and barring Huawei will delay 5G in Europe by
probably two years.

Despite some challenges Huawei faced in overseas markets, the company has been
steadily growing its 5G contracts. Hu Houkun, rotating chairman of the company,
said last week in Beijing that so far, Huawei has shipped more than 45,000 5G
base stations globally, compared to the figure of 40,000 it reported at the end
of February.

Xinhua contributed to this story.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 03/28/2019 page13)


                             291 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            March 28, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: What's news

BODY:

Govt and policies

PBOC skips open market operations

China's central bank continued to skip open market operations on Wednesday,
citing abundant liquidity in the banking system. The People's Bank of China said
liquidity has been at a reasonably adequate level. No reverse repo was due on
Wednesday. The central bank has skipped reverse repos for six consecutive
working days. A reverse repo is a process by which the central bank purchases
securities from commercial banks through bidding, with an agreement to sell them
back in the future.

Companies & markets

Interbank borrowing costs fall by 20 bps

The overnight Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate (Shibor), which measures the
borrowing cost of China's interbank market, decreased 20.9 basis points to 2.286
percent on Wednesday. The seven-day Shibor rose 9.3 basis points to 2.797
percent, while the two-week rate was up 3.1 basis points to 2.932 percent. The
one-month Shibor dropped 1.9 basis points to 2.843 percent, the three-month rate
was down 0.9 basis points to 2.819 percent, and the six-month rate edged down
0.2 basis points to stand at 2.857 percent.

Renminbi weakens against greenback

The central parity rate of the Chinese currency renminbi, or the yuan, weakened
99.00 basis points to 6.7141 against the US dollar on Wednesday, according to
the China Foreign Exchange Trade System. In China's spot foreign exchange
market, the yuan is allowed to rise or fall by 2 percent from the central parity
rate each trading day. The central parity rate of the yuan against the US dollar
is based on a weighted average of prices offered by market makers before the
opening of the interbank market each business day.

CITIC Bank reports higher profits in 2018

China CITIC Bank, one of the country's leading banks, saw its net profits rise
4.57 percent year-on-year in 2018. Net profits reached 44.51 billion yuan ($6.63
billion) last year, while revenue grew 5.2 percent to

164.85 billion yuan, according to the bank's annual report. Net interest incomes
stood at 104.77 billion yuan in 2018, up 5.15 percent from the previous year,
accounting for about 63.6 percent of the revenue. By the end of last year, asset
value amounted to 6.07 trillion yuan, a 6.85-percent year-on-year increase, the
report showed.

Suning to establish innovation fund

Suning Intelligent Terminal Co, a high-tech subsidiary of Nanjing-headquartered
Suning Holdings Group Co, will establish an innovation fund and a joint
laboratory focusing on digital and connected technologies in Nanjing and
Beijing. The move will enable intelligent hardware innovation in its small and
medium-sized business partners to continuously optimize its product structure,
and improve technologies and user experiences. The company also introduced 12
smart household appliances including home camera, sweeper robot and water
purifier to further enhance its developing ability via more internet of things
(IoT) technologies in smart home business.

BYD forms strategic alliance with Huawei

China's leading electric vehicle maker BYD has inked an agreement with telecom
giant Huawei Technologies to promote comprehensive strategic cooperation. With
years of technological accumulation in new energy vehicles and rail transport
systems, BYD will collaborate with Huawei, a leader in AI, 5G, cloud computing
and big data, to forge ahead with the transformation and upgrading of mobility
services, according to the agreement signed on Monday in Shenzhen, Guangdong
province. The two parties will seek in-depth exchanges and collaborations on the
internet of vehicles (IoV), intelligent driving, smart monorail and smart campus
solutions.

Sany launches its first showroom in Kenya

China's Sany Group, a global heavy equipment manufacturer, opened a showroom in
Kenya on Tuesday, the first of its kind in East Africa. The showroom displays
various equipment on offer, including concrete machinery, road machinery,
excavators, mixer trucks, tipper trucks and firefighting machinery among others.
Sany Group signed a dealership agreement with Kenyan construction company
Rhombus Construction Co Ltd last year to sell its products in the African
country.

TISCO makes forgings for nuclear power unit

China's Taiyuan Iron& Steel Group (TISCO) announced on Tuesday that it has
produced a huge seamless circular forging with high-purity stainless steel,
which will be used in a 4th-generation nuclear power unit. According to the
company, the piece, 15.6 meters in diameter and 150 metric tons in weight, is
the world's largest in terms of size and weight. It will be used as the support
ring for the core component of the pilot reactor for a 60 million kilowatts fast
neutron reactor in Xiapu, Fujian province.

Cathay Pacific agrees to buy HK Express

Hong Kong's airline Cathay Pacific has conditionally agreed to buy Hong Kong
Express (HK Express), a local budget airline, for HK$4.93 billion ($628
million), Cathay Pacific announced on Wednesday. "The transaction is expected to
generate synergies as the business and business model of Cathay Pacific and HK
Express are largely complementary," Cathay Pacific said. Cathay Pacific said
that the transaction will support its long-term development and growth of the
aviation business and enhance its competitiveness.

McDonald's acquires Israeli AI startup

Fast food giant McDonald's has signed an agreement for the acquisition of the
Israeli artificial intelligence personalization startup company Dynamic Yield,
as published on Tuesday by the two companies. Both companies did not reveal
sums, but according to American and Israeli economic media, the deal is worth
more than $300 million. Dynamic Yield, founded in 2011 and headquartered in the
coastal city of Tel Aviv and in New York City, has developed a platform that
helps marketers increase their revenues.

Around the world

S. Korea's consumer sentiment improves

Sentiment among South Korean consumers over economic situation improved for the
fourth consecutive month due to the government's income-driven growth policy to
boost income of the low-income bracket, central bank data showed on Wednesday.
The composite consumer sentiment index stood at 99.8 in March, up 0.3 points
from a month ago, according to the Bank of Korea.

Germany manages to bring down public debt

At the end of the fourth quarter of 2018, Germany's public debt was 53 billion
euros ($60 billion) less than in the same period in 2017, representing a
decrease of 2.7 percent, according to preliminary figures published by the
German Federal Statistical Office (Destatis) on Tuesday. The whole German public
sector - including the government, the country's federal states and
municipalities as well as the social security funds - was indebted to banks and
private companies to the tune of 1,914.3 billion euros.

France reports lower growth of 1.6% in 2018

France reported its economic growth for 2018 at 1.6 percent, according figures
released on Tuesday by France's national statistics institute Insee. The figure
was below the government's forecast of 1.7 percent. Last year's slowing
performance stemmed mainly from less dynamic household expenditure whose rate
slowed to 0.8 percent in 2018 compared to 1.1 percent recorded a year earlier.

China Daily - Agencies

(China Daily 03/28/2019 page14)


                             292 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            March 28, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Smartphone giant eyes big market in Europe

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Huawei Technologies Co unveiled a new flagship phone in Paris, in its latest
push to attract European consumers with optimized photoshooting capabilities.

Huawei's P30 Pro, which comes with four rear cameras, is also part of the
Chinese smartphone vendor's broader push to compete with Apple Inc and Samsung
Electronics Co in the global smartphone arena.

By leveraging artificial intelligence and a new light sensor, Yu Chengdong, CEO
of Huawei's consumer business group, said the new model would significantly
boost light absorption to create better photos, even in near darkness.

P30 Pro, the premium version of the P30, has a starting price of 999 euros
($1,126), while the P30 would go on sale at a starting price of 799 euros in
Europe.

Jia Mo, an analyst from global market research company Canalys, said good
photo-taking features play an important part in attracting consumers and the
move shows that Huawei is consistently experimenting with new hardware and
software solutions to bring better experiences.

"Few rival products can match the P30 Pro in shooting pictures," Jia said after
using the new model at the product's launch event in Paris.

"The key is whether ordinary consumers can feel such an evidently improved
performance in taking photos. If they do, the model will help Huawei gain more
presence in the high-end smartphone market."

(China Daily 03/28/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/19/155373409549.jpg

a41f726719b21e064bc507.jpg


                             293 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            March 27, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: The time travelers

BYLINE: Wang Kaihao

BODY:

Young Frenchman Robin Tallendier's love for Chinese watches started when, at the
age of 14, he received a birthday gift of a Tianjin-made Seagull chronograph
from his parents.

Two young Frenchmen set up their own watch brand, owing to their appreciation of
Chinese culture, Wang Kaihao reports.

Young Frenchman Robin Tallendier's love for Chinese watches started when, at the
age of 14, he received a birthday gift of a Tianjin-made Seagull chronograph
from his parents.

Now aged 23, he didn't expect that serendipity would lead him to become an
entrepreneur in 2017 producing his own brand of watches made in China together
with his business partner, Wilfred Buiron, who is also from France.

The gift led Tallendier to develop an interest in Chinese timepieces and he
gradually built up a collection by learning about them online. Another chance
meeting with a watch expert in Beijing in 2014 opened his window of opportunity
even wider.

"I bumped into Ron Good while I was visiting a local watch shop in Wangfujing,"
Tallendier says of his summer vacation trip in 2014 while being a student at the
University of Warwick in Britain. Good is a Canadian watch collector who runs an
online forum about Chinese watches, and Tallendier has often read the articles.

Good later invited Tallendier to attend a dinner with friends from the China
Horologe Association, where he got to know Li Wei, a veteran collector and CHA
expert, who then introduced many Chinese watch makers and collectors to
Tallendier.

"We were looking to find ways to gain more global recognition for Chinese
watches," Li recalls, adding that he was happy to find a foreign teenager who
had such a strong interest in Chinese watches, which was probably a lesser-known
variety in the West.

"Many Westerners assume that Chinese products are low-quality. And many Chinese
watchmakers lacked the confidence to go their own way and blindly followed the
Swiss style. But I understand Robin's deep affection for China, and he has his
own ideas about culture," Li says.

Li took him to visit many major watchmaking studios all around China. "Little
Robin" became a name in the industry that summer. He then wrote many blogs
sharing his experiences in China.

In 2015, he returned to Beijing, with a one-year exchange program at Guanghua
School of Management at Peking University, one of the most renowned business
schools in China. A year later, he became the youngest foreign member of the
CHA.

And after visiting more watchmakers to gain an in-depth understanding of the
business environment in China, he began to regard watches as something more than
just a hobby. With his friend Buiron, his classmate from both Warwick and Peking
universities, they co-founded their watchmaking business.

"Watches are intricate products with modern designs," Buiron says.

"We'd been thinking a lot about how to share Chinese culture in a way that is
both relatable and relevant to the modern day."

Born in Hong Kong, Buiron, 23, has even deeper roots in Chinese culture.
Although he says he did not learn Chinese until he was 13, Chinese culture -
whether it be furniture design or ceramics - has always had a strong influence
on his life.

Buiron, who holds a master's degree in global affairs from the Schwarzman
College at Tsinghua University in Beijing, learned how to view global affairs
from a Chinese perspective.

"As someone of 'mixed blood' (culturally), I sometimes feel I'm part of Chinese
society," he says, switching to Mandarin. "But I can also detach myself and
evaluate culture from a different angle."

Hobby-turned-business

The duo started their watch brand Atelier Wen in Hong Kong in 2017. Combining
the French word for "studio" with the Chinese word for "culture", the team aims
to create a new brand that promotes traditional Chinese culture worldwide.

Cooperating with designers from the Beijing Institute of Fashion Technology,
they developed their ideas from sketches into blueprints, before building
prototypes. As the key components in watches, the mechanical movements were made
by Peacock, a manufacturer based in Dandong, Northeast China's Liaoning
province. Their factory was chosen over Swiss ones to fit in with their
made-in-China ethos, while an assembly company in Shenzhen, South China's
Guangdong province, completed the watches.

The first two models of their watches to enter into production, were given
poetic Chinese names, Ji ("sunshine after rainfall or snowfall") and Hao ("white
splendor without blemish").

Buiron explains that their designs are a mix of classical Chinese elements. The
porcelain dials borrow from the typical blue-and-white patterns seen in Yuan
Dynasty (1271-1368) ceramics.

Some of the scales are written in Chinese characters using dizhi, the ancient
time measurement system that indicates sunrise and sunset, and Taoist bagua
symbols. Images of kunpeng, a giant bird that transformed from a fish in Chinese
mythology, are etched onto the backs of the watches.

"They reflect the ancient Chinese people's attitudes to cosmology and
astronomy," he says. "Tradition comes from the past, but it doesn't only belong
to the past."

And the simple patterns they chose are popular among young people today, Buiron
says.

"We want to make people realize the quality of these inventive products are from
China," he says.

In November, they received their first investment for mass production through
crowdfunding, and has raised about $106,360 so far. However, their bold move to
promote Chinese watches overseas did not initially impress local manufacturers.

"The Chinese watchmakers considered it an impossible task to promote Chinese
watches overseas because they themselves had spent a lot of time developing
complex marketing plans for international expansion, but they usually failed,"
Li says.

When it comes to promoting Chinese culture overseas, Li says people tend to
overthink the complexity of the task.

"They often include too many elements in one product and it confuses foreign
customers," Li says.

"We can use some simple signals to knock on the door first, as Robin and Wilfred
are doing, and gradually grow things from there."

Spotting cultural trends

Despite some people's doubts, online advance sales of Atelier Wen watches for
overseas customers opened last year with nearly 250 watches getting sold for
about $600 each, with France, Singapore and the United States making up their
top three markets.

And the duo plan to sell their watches in the domestic market through online
shopping platforms, starting in April.

"Part of the appeal of the watches is that they help Chinese people appreciate
their ancient cultural heritage and reconnect with it," Tallendier says.

They also aim to expand their fresh take on Chinese tradition to other fashion
items, such as accessories and glasses.

"There's an increasing trend in China for appreciating Chinese products, which
started with technology companies like Huawei and Xiaomi. It's now expanding to
other segments. People now wear Li-Ning with pride," Buiron says, adding that
many of their rivals had failed to spot this.

In their spare time in Beijing, Tallendier often attends lectures on Chinese
poetry, Zen Buddhism and calligraphy, despite not being completely fluent in the
language. Buiron follows pop culture and is a fan of Chinese jazz and rap.

Li believes the pair have great vision and are proactive like entrepreneurs.

"If they keep a lasting devotion to learning about Chinese culture, continued
success will come," Li says, who also hopes to see French elements appear in
their products "to reflect the communication between the two cultures".

Contact the writer at wangkaihao@chinadaily.com.cn

Robin Tallendier (left) and Wilfred Buiron from France have launched their
business in China to create watches made in the country that highlight
traditional and mythical elements. Zou Hong / China Daily

(China Daily 03/27/2019 page19)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/40/155364770601.jpg

a41f726b05111e04faed21.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/6/155364770635.jpg

a41f726b05111e04faf322.jpg


                             294 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            March 27, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Guizhou takes the green road to growth

BYLINE: Wang Zhuoqiong in Beijing and Yang Jun in Guiyang

BODY:

Guizhou province in Southwest China is banking on transforming the local
agricultural industry, providing roads to every village, and further integrating
the big data sector with the real economy to advance its high-quality
development, according to provincial officials.

Province banks on big data tech to advance high-quality development

Guizhou province in Southwest China is banking on transforming the local
agricultural industry, providing roads to every village, and further integrating
the big data sector with the real economy to advance its high-quality
development, according to provincial officials.

The province has been ranked among the top three regions in China in terms of
economic growth. It reported a growth of 9.1 percent for last year.

Chen Shaobo, director of the Guizhou Provincial Development and Reform
Commission, said the province is looking to sustain the high-quality development
model by using technology such as big data, poverty alleviation measures,
optimizing the economic structure and embracing green industries.

Guizhou is the country's first pilot province experimenting with big data
technology and it is setting up the country's first national big data lab and
innovation center as well as the integration appraisal system for big data and
real economy.

Supporting the local big data entrepreneurs and ensuring wider participation
from the public are key to the continued development of the big data industry in
the province, said Chen.

"Only by planting the big data gene into our entire social operations -
businesses, civil affairs and political agenda, can the big data industry last
longer and grow more steadily," said Chen.

In 2017, US tech giant Apple Inc established its data center in Guizhou,
followed by other technology giants like Alibaba, Foxconn, Baidu and Huawei.

Guizhou, a mountainous region, has much cooler weather and stable geographic
conditions than many other places in the country and as such provides natural
strengths to telecommunication companies and big data firms, he said.

How to further enhance the integration of the big data technology and the local
industries and businesses is the priority for the provincial government, he
added.

The province has more than 9,500 enterprises that have applied big data
technology, and about 10,000 companies are using cloud technology, becoming a
major new economic engine for the province.

For example, Guizhou Fa'er Coal Mine Co, a coal-mining operator since 2003, has
reconstructed its manufacturing facilities through big data updates, with
production capacities growing by more than 1,100 metric tons and efficiency up
by 47 percent.

Chen said friendlier policies to develop the big data and technology sector have
attracted an increasing number of talents to Guizhou and they are the real
driving force for growth.

Meanwhile, "to develop a strong and modernized economy in Guizhou requires a
deep reform in industries and in technology," he said.

The province has updated its traditional corn farming industry with more cash
crops and plants. Last year, the province's agricultural sector grew 6.8 percent
year-on-year, an eye-catching speed for the primary industry.

Per capita disposable income in urban and rural areas have grown 8.6 percent and
9.6 percent year-on-year respectively, he said.

Under the poverty alleviation programs in the province, nearly 2 million farmers
earned more than 10,000 yuan ($1,490) every year by growing tea, pepper and
dragon fruit.

In Zunyi city, cash crops like pepper, mushrooms, and vegetables are widely
replacing traditional staples like corn.

Turnover from corn cultivated on 0.06 hectare is about 790 yuan, said Wei
Shuwang, mayor of Zunyi. But by planting vegetables, the same turnover can reach
4,160 yuan, 5.3 times more than growing corn.

This year, the city is increasing the area under cultivation for pepper, bamboo,
red sorghum and traditional Chinese medicine plants to develop a green economy
and increase farmers' income, said the mayor.

The province is also encouraging a smart agricultural industry by using big data
to develop its farming technology and improve its business turnover. For
instance, a weather information collection system, smart irrigation systems and
a pest control system have helped reduce about 36.5 percent of the labor costs
in a kiwi planting center in Shuicheng county of the province. Big data can
serve as an impetus for agricultural management, production and marketing.

"Poverty alleviation is the top priority in Guizhou. Our focus is on how to
achieve balanced development," Chen said.

The province has helped lift 7.68 million people out of poverty, the largest
number of people lifted out of poverty in the country.

The result is largely due to the efficient implementation of the relocation
projects, agricultural reforms, e-commerce businesses in rural areas and
large-scale construction of expressways to improve overall connectivity in the
province.

Last year, the province relocated 1.32 million people from their hometowns,
which mostly sit in the remote mountainous regions and lack electricity and
roads. This year, it plans to relocate 560,000 people, while the poverty
alleviation target is about 1.1 million people.

Success of the poverty alleviation efforts, however, depends on the success of
the ongoing comprehensive transportation system, attracting more businesses from
outside or selling agricultural products through e-commerce platforms, said the
director.

The challenge is how to develop infrastructure facilities that connect every
village in the province and pave the way for the "last mile" connectivity in
remote mountainous regions, he added.

In addition to building roads, through the development of telecommunications and
big data technologies, remote medical treatment and diagnosis have also played a
major part in solving the medical problems of patients in remote areas.

Chen said: "The province will turn away companies that can cause huge pollution
and reject businesses with bad credit records, so as to focus on high-quality
development through digital innovation and measures to improve social welfare of
the people."

Contact the writers at wangzhuoqiong@chinadaily.com.cn

Farmers pick tea leaves at a plantation in Shiqian county, Guizhou province. The
province has been growing more cash crops and plants in lieu of corn, as part of
efforts to transform its agricultural industry. Provided to China Daily

(China Daily 03/27/2019 page16)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/76/155364770801.jpg

a41f726b05111e04fa3416.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/10/155364770848.jpg

a41f726b05111e04fa2415.jpg


                             295 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            March 27, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: High-definition firms on a roll

BYLINE: Fan Feifei

BODY:

Growing demand for organic light-emitting diodes (OLEDs), thanks to foldable
smartphones and the country's efforts to boost the ultra-high-definition video
industry, is expected to create new growth opportunities for the display panel
sector, said industry insiders.

Rich pickings for display panel companies as demand for flexible products
increases

Growing demand for organic light-emitting diodes (OLEDs), thanks to foldable
smartphones and the country's efforts to boost the ultra-high-definition video
industry, is expected to create new growth opportunities for the display panel
sector, said industry insiders.

BOE Technology Group Co Ltd, a Beijing-based supplier of display products and
solutions, said on Monday that its net profit reached 3.44 billion yuan ($512.8
million) in 2018, down 54.61 percent from the same period in 2017, while its
revenue rose 3.53 percent to 97.1 billion yuan.

The weak demand for display screens of smartphones, tablets, PCs and televisions
and the sharp fluctuation in TV panel prices triggered intense competition in
the display panel sector, according to BOE.

The company said it will speed up application of flexible panels, promote
ultra-high-definition 8K panels, as well as expand its presence in the internet
of things, healthcare sector and other emerging industries in 2019.

It will invest 13.6 billion yuan to establish a life science and technology
industry base in Beijing, which is expected to be put into operation in 2022.

We will continue to intensify efforts in patent application, and research and
development, covering liquid crystal display or LCD, OLED, sensors, artificial
intelligence and big data. With the improvement of technology innovation
ability, BOE will further enhance its core competence in the field of IoT, said
Liu Hongfeng, vice-president of BOE.

Its Gen 10.5 TFT-LCD production line has achieved mass operation in Hefei, Anhui
province. The plant will produce high-definition LCD screens of 65 inches and
above.

BOE has three sixth-generation active matrixorganic light-emitting diodes or
AMOLED production lines. It started mass production of the panels from its
facility in Chengdu, Sichuan province, in October 2017. The panels have already
been used by more than 10 smartphone manufacturers including Huawei, Oppo and
Vivo.

IHS Markit, a market research firm, expects BOE to be the world's largest
supplier of AMOLED display panels in 2019, with shipments of foldable panels set
to reach 50 million by 2025.

Li Yaqin, general manager of market research firm Sigmaintell Consulting, said
2018 has been the most difficult year for the global display panel industry in
the past five years.

The average price of large-size panels dropped by more than 20 percent, and the
growth of flexible OLED is lower than expectations, which resulted in the
decline of output value and profits of the panel industry, Li said.

Chinese smartphone manufacturers have already released foldable screen phones
and many more are slated to follow suit this year, according to Li.

The total scale of China's ultrahigh-definition video industry will exceed 4
trillion yuan by 2022, according to an action plan jointly issued by the
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, National Radio and Television
Administration, and the China Media Group.

The plan said a sound industrial system for 4K video is expected to be
established and breakthroughs will be made in the research and development of
products and the industrialization of 8K technology by 2022.

Dong Min, general manager at Beijing consultancy All View Cloud, said the
large-size screens with high-definition technologies and small-size flexible
screens will witness an explosive growth in the next two to three years, and how
to quickly find out differentiated application sceneries is critical for panel
manufacturers.

fanfeifei@chinadaily.com.cn

A visitor checks out BOE's virtual reality headset during a high-tech exhibition
in Shenzhen, Guangdong province. Provided to China Daily

(China Daily 03/27/2019 page17)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/76/155364770982.jpg

a41f726b05111e04fa6619.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/24/155364771017.jpg

a41f726b05111e04fa6d1a.jpg


                             296 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            March 27, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: What's news

BODY:

China's IoT sector sees good momentum

China's internet of things (IoT) business has been flourishing over the years,
with revenue rising around 73 percent in 2018 from a year earlier, according to
a report from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. The country's
three major telecom service operators - China Telecom, China Mobile and China
Unicom - saw their IoT users increase by 400 million in 2018, bringing the total
number of to 671 million at the end of last year. Tech and internet giants such
as Huawei and Alibaba also entered the industry, which made IoT part of ordinary
people's lives, said the report. Buoyed by 4G and artificial intelligence
technologies, the IoT industry has entered a "golden age," said the report.

Renminbi strengthens against greenback

The central parity rate of the Chinese currency renminbi, or the yuan,
strengthened 56 basis points to 6.7042 against the US dollar on Tuesday,
according to the China Foreign Exchange Trade System. In China's spot foreign
exchange market, the yuan is allowed to rise or fall by 2 percent from the
central parity rate each trading day. The dollar index, which measures the
greenback against six major currencies, decreased 0.09 percent at 96.5640 in
late trading on Monday.

Interbank borrowing costs dip 4 basis points

The overnight Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate (Shibor), which measures the
borrowing cost of China's interbank market, decreased 4 basis points to 2.495
percent on Tuesday. The seven-day Shibor rose 3.6 basis points to 2.704 percent,
while the two-week rate was up 0.5 basis points to 2.901 percent. The one-month
Shibor dropped 1.7 basis points to 2.862 percent, the three-month rate was down
0.8 basis points to 2.828 percent, and the six-month rate edged down 0.2 basis
points to stand at 2.859 percent.

Tong Ren Tang reports surge in net profit

Traditional Chinese medicine leader Beijing Tong Ren Tang Co Ltd posted an 11.5
percent annual increase in net profit for 2018. In its annual financial results
filed to the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the pharmaceutical firm said its net
profit attributable to shareholders reached 1.13 billion yuan ($168 million)
last year. In 2018, the company generated a revenue of 14.2 billion yuan, up 6.2
percent year-on-year.

Shanghai lender posts higher 2018 revenue

Shanghai Pudong Development Bank (SPD Bank) said its net profit for 2018 climbed
3.05 percent year-on-year to 55.91 billion yuan ($8.34 billion). Revenue edged
up 1.73 percent to 171.54 billion yuan last year, the bank said in its audited
2018 financial report to the Shanghai Stock Exchange on Tuesday. Earnings per
share stood at 1.85 yuan, edging up 0.54 percent from a year earlier. The bank
said its asset quality had improved as it strove to strike a balance between
risk control and business development.

Kenya bank to boost WeChat Pay, Alipay

Kenya-based regional financial institution Equity Bank plans to boost presence
of WeChat Pay and Alipay in Africa, a banker said on Monday. Jack Ngare,
managing director of Finserve Africa, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Equity Bank,
said that they have already made the Chinese financial technology service
available in Kenya, Uganda, Tanzania and Rwanda. "We are currently at advanced
stages of rolling out WeChat Pay and Alipay to merchants in the Democratic
Republic of Congo (DRC) by the end of the year and thereafter to additional
Africa markets," said Ngare. Equity Bank has subsidiaries in Kenya, Uganda,
Tanzania, Rwanda, South Sudan and the DRC.

FAW-Volkswagen releases new logo

Sino-German joint venture passenger car manufacturer FAW-Volkswagen Automobile
Co Ltd has released its sub-brand "Jetta", together with a new brand logo for
the Jetta and three new models. As the third brand held by the company following
Volkswagen and Audi, Jetta brand aims at meeting the demands of young Chinese
car buyers and competing with domestic auto brands like Great Wall and Geely,
the company said.

General Motors to produce EV in Michigan

General Motors (GM) plans to invest $300 million at its Orion assembly plant in
the US state of Michigan to produce a new Chevrolet electric vehicle (EV), said
the US automaker. GM originally intended to produce the new electric vehicle
outside the United States. The decision to bring it to Orion will add 400 new
jobs there. This is part of GM's new commitment to invest a total of $1.8
billion in its United States manufacturing operations, creating 700 new jobs and
supporting 28,000 jobs across six states, according to the GM.

US gasoline price shows upward trend

The price of regular gasoline increased across the United States last week,
according to a report released by the US Energy Information Administration (EIA)
on Monday. For the week ending March 25, the US average regular gasoline retail
price rose nearly 8 cents from last week to $2.62 per gallon. Since the
beginning of February, the price has risen for seven weeks in a row.

Singapore's CPI edges up by 0.5% in Feb

Singapore's Consumer Price Index (CPI) grew 0.5 percent year-on-year in
February, following the 0.4 percent increase in January, said the Ministry of
Trade and Industry and the Monetary Authority of Singapore in a joint release on
Monday. MAS Core Inflation, which excludes the costs of accommodation and
private road transport, declined from 1.7 percent on a year-on-year basis in the
previous month to 1.5 percent this February. The authorities said the CPI growth
picked up slightly due to more gradual declines in private road transport and
accommodation costs, which outweighed lower inflation for services, retail items
and electricity and gas.

Malaysian economy on strong path

The Malaysian economy is expected to improve in May to July period based on its
January leading, coincident and lagging indexes, its statistics department said
on Monday. The department said in a statement that the economy is inclined to
grow in May to July based on the current trend of leading index which started to
increase. The leading index, which is designed to indicate the direction of
economy for an average of four to six months ahead, rose 1.3 percent
month-on-month to 118.9 points in January. The number of housing units approved
which rose 0.7 percent and real imports of semi-conductors that increased by 0.4
percent, were the main drivers to the growth.

ICT exports slump in South Korea

South Korea's export of the information and communications technology (ICT)
products declined for four straight months to February on weak demand for major
tech items, a government report showed. ICT exports tumbled 19 percent over the
year to $12.7 billion in February, keeping a downward trend since November last
year, according to the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy. Chip export
plunged 24.9 percent to $6.87 billion on lower memory chip price, and display
panel shipments reduced 17.2 percent to $1.56 billion last month.

China Daily - Agencies

(China Daily 03/27/2019 page14)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/8/155364771325.jpg

a41f726b05111e04f9690c.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/93/155364771346.jpg

a41f726b05111e04f96e0d.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/60/155364771379.jpg

a41f726b05111e04f9730e.jpg


                             297 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            March 27, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Xi's visit to put Sino-EU ties on track

BYLINE: Fraser Cameron

BODY:

President Xi Jinping's visit to Italy, Monaco and France from March 21 to 26
comes at an important juncture for European Union-China relations.

Last week the European Commission issued a paper describing China as a
"systematic rival" and called for more "reciprocity" in relations with Beijing.
This new strategy was largely endorsed by the European Council on March 22 in
preparation for the annual EU-China Summit on April 9 when Premier Li Keqiang
visits Brussels.

Why the change in the EU's approach? The European Commission has been under
pressure from member states and business organizations to take a tougher line on
China. Many EU leaders were also swayed by a recent report from the
confederation of German industries stating that EU companies still faced serious
problems accessing the Chinese market and that Chinese State-owned enterprises
benefited from unfair subsidies.

These criticisms were reinforced by intense lobbying from the United States
urging European governments not to accept Huawei technology in developing their
5G networks, and not to support China's Belt and Road Initiative. Washington
made veiled threats about future cooperation on security if Europe accepted
Huawei's technology. But Europe is unlikely to follow in the US' footsteps. The
US has not produced any concrete evidence of Huawei's espionage, and countries
such as Britain have set up mechanisms to control and monitor all sensitive
technology. There is also a feeling in some quarters that the US pressure is due
to its own backwardness in 5G technology.

Despite US pressure, Italy signed a memorandum of understanding on the Belt and
Road Initiative during Xi's visit. Italy argued that it was way behind other
European countries in attracting Chinese foreign direct investment and signing
the MoU was not a contradiction to the EU's overall strategy toward China. In
addition, Rome stated that the MoU did not cover 5G technology.

Almost half the EU member states have signed MoUs with China regarding the Belt
and Road Initiative. But the European Commission as well as France, Germany and
the United Kingdom continue to have reservations citing the lack of transparency
and the potential debt trap for countries taking huge Chinese loans. In its own
connectivity strategy linking Europe and Asia, the EU placed great emphasis on
the guidelines of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank concerning
transparency and sustainability, both environmental and financial. These views
will be put forward again by the EU at the second Belt and Road Forum for
International Cooperation in Beijing next month.

While Italy takes a more welcoming attitude to the Belt and Road Initiative and
Chinese foreign direct investment, France is placing more emphasis on the
importance of China and the EU to work together to safeguard the rules-based
international order. This is why French President Emmanuel Macron invited German
Chancellor Angela Merkel and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker
to meet with Xi in Paris to discuss the future of multilateralism. In the first
instance, this means support for and reform of the World Trade Organization. The
EU has put forward proposals to reform the world's top trade body taking into
account technological and financial changes of the past decade. Brussels wants
the WTO to set rules for e-commerce and restrict industrial subsidies.

Although there are differences in approach, the bottom line for the EU and China
is that they are both highly interdependent, as they both are with the US, and
these three elephants need to work together to ensure continuing prosperity for
their citizens. Brussels and Beijing have both been shaken by the US
administration's "America First" policy and suffered from the imposition of
tariffs. The EU is hoping for a settlement of the current US-China trade dispute
that is compatible with the WTO.

Although the talks on a bilateral investment agreement have not made the
progress, both sides expect there is still a positive agenda for the EU-China
summit in April. Both sides will use the meeting to take stock of the progress
toward the EU-China 2020 Strategic Agenda. Apart from trade, the EU and China
are making progress in several other areas including ocean governance, energy
cooperation and aviation. They also continue to cooperate on the Paris climate
change agreement and the Iran nuclear deal.

As Juncker stated: "If relations are based on greater realism about the
constraints under which each partner operates then it is a better basis for the
future partnership."

The author is director of the EU-Asia Centre in Brussels.

The views don't necessarily represent those of China Daily.

(China Daily 03/27/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/33/155364771892.jpg

a41f726719b21e04fad937.jpg


                             298 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             March 26, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Ties with Monaco example of solid diplomacy

BYLINE: An Baijie in Monaco and Cao Desheng in Beijing

BODY:

China and Monaco have set a fine example of friendly exchanges between countries
that are different in size and have different historical and cultural
backgrounds and social systems, President Xi Jinping said.

President Xi sees bilateral relations as developing steadily, several areas
experiencing more cooperation

China and Monaco have set a fine example of friendly exchanges between countries
that are different in size and have different historical and cultural
backgrounds and social systems, President Xi Jinping said.

Xi made the remarks in talks with the principality's head of state, Prince
Albert II, on Sunday when he made a state visit to the city-state on the
Mediterranean coast. Xi's visit marks the first by a Chinese president to the
country.

The "historic" visit, as it was described by the host, will help bring
China-Monaco ties much closer and create better opportunities for the two sides
to expand win-win cooperation in broader fields, observers said.

The two countries have consistently deepened their friendship and cooperation,
Mu Yangzi, a researcher of European studies at the China Institutes of
Contemporary International Relations, wrote in an article on the website of
China Radio International. Xi's visit will inject fresh impetus into bilateral
ties, Mu added.

During the talks, Xi said China-Monaco relations are developing steadily, with
bilateral practical cooperation keeping pace with the times and taking the lead
in China-Europe cooperation in the fields of environmental protection,
telecommunications and mobile payment.

Monaco Telecom signed a memorandum of understanding with Chinese tech giant
Huawei in February on a strategic partnership aiming to accelerate deployment of
"smart city" services in the country, in line with its Smart Nation project.

In June 2017, Monaco signed an agreement of strategic partnership with Alipay,
China's leading third-party online payment platform, to introduce mobile payment
to the country's businesses in order to promote a cash-free society.

Xi also said the two countries should follow the right direction of bilateral
ties, keep strengthening their traditional friendship and mutual political
trust, and enhance coordination in the United Nations and international affairs.
He also said he hoped they would uphold openness and deepen win-win cooperation.

China and Monaco should upgrade the level of cooperation on environmental
protection, Xi said, adding that China welcomes Monaco to take an active role in
international cooperation on jointly building the Belt and Road.

Xi also said that the Prince Albert II of Monaco Foundation is welcome to
conduct environmental protection activities in the interests of the public in
China and to enrich cultural and people-to-people exchanges.

Prince Albert told Xi that Monaco is willing to expand cooperation with China in
such fields as science and technology, innovation, ecological and environmental
protection, wildlife conservation and renewable energy.

Monaco highly appreciates China's role in international affairs such as climate
change, and stands ready to support China in hosting the 15th meeting of the
Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity next year,
the prince said. He also wished success for the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics.

Next year marks the 25th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic
relations between China and Monaco. Monaco Ambassador to China Catherine
Fautrier said in an interview with China Central Television that she hopes Xi's
visit will further cement bilateral ties and bring new opportunities to her
country.

Monaco was the second stop on Xi's six-day European trip.

Contact the writers at anbaijie@chinadaily.com.cn

President Xi Jinping has talks with Prince Albert II, head of state of the
Principality of Monaco, on Sunday in the city state.Xie Huanchi / Xinhua

(China Daily 03/26/2019 page3)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/35/155356133002.jpg

00221917e13e1e03a6e00d.jpg


                             299 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             March 25, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Europe on Xiaomi full-screen display

BYLINE: Fan Feifei

BODY:

Chinese tech giant Xiaomi Corp is accelerating efforts to expand its presence
the world over, especially in markets related to the Belt and Road Initiative.

Smartphone and gadget giant seeks to earn more, shine brighter overseas

Chinese tech giant Xiaomi Corp is accelerating efforts to expand its presence
the world over, especially in markets related to the Belt and Road Initiative.

Its focus is on the European countries. The company, which opened its first
Spanish branch in 2017, said it plans to triple the number of its European
stores by the end of this year.

Lei Jun, founder and CEO of Xiaomi, said in an earlier interview the company is
attaching huge importance to the European market; and overseas revenue, now at
44 percent of the total, will "very soon" surpass domestic earnings.

Consumers queue in front of a Xiaomi store to buy its latest smartphone models
in Paris. The Beijing-based company hopes to operate more than 150 stores in
Europe by the end of this year. Getty Images

Xiaomi hopes to operate more than 150 stores in Europe by the end of 2019, up
from fewer than 50 stores at the end of 2018. "It's a big target for us," said
Wang Xiang, Xiaomi's senior vice-president.

The Beijing-based company unveiled its 5G smartphone on the eve of the Mobile
World Congress Barcelona held in Spain from Feb 25 to 28.

With a Qualcomm Snapdragon 855 system and Qualcomm's X50 5G modem, its new
smartphone Mi Mix 3 is priced 599 euros ($682) and will be available in two
colors from May.

It launched its Mi 8 Pro smartphone in London in November, making its global
debut outside China.

Starting at 499 euros, the phone boasts 6.21-inch AMOLED full-screen display and
artificial intelligence dual camera. It also upgraded the Mi 8 smartphone with a
pressure sensitive in-display fingerprint sensor and a transparent glass back
cover.

Besides smartphones, Xiaomi will sell high-tech gadgets, including a
fitness-tracking band and an electric scooter, in the United Kingdom.

In November last year, Xiaomi also announced it will open its first-ever
authorized Mi Store in London's Westfield, which is now the largest shopping
center in Europe. The store will host a range of its exclusive Mi Ecosystem
products.

"We are witnessing a new chapter in Xiaomi's global expansion journey,
underpinned by our global ambitions. We want to offer more choices and let
everyone in the UK enjoy a connected simple life through innovative technology,"
said Wang.

IDC data showed Xiaomi was the world's fourth-largest smartphone maker in 2018,
shipping 122.6 million units, up 32 percent year-on-year.

Once again, Samsung led the industry with sales of 292.3 million smartphone
units in 2018, with a market share of 20.8 percent, while Apple shipped 208.8
million smartphones, ranking the second.

Currently, Xiaomi products are sold in more than 70 countries and regions around
the world. They enjoy firm foothold in many markets. According to the company's
fiscal results from January to December last year, its international revenue
grew 118.1 percent year-on-year to 70 billion yuan ($10.4 billion).

The company's entry into the UK follows its arrival in France and Italy last
May. As some European consumers have pulled back from expensive outlays for an
iPhone or Samsung gadgets, Xiaomi's more affordable products have proved to be
big hits in countries like France, Italy and Spain.

According to market research company Canalys, Xiaomi's smartphone shipments to
European markets grew 386 percent year-on-year in the third quarter of 2018,
becoming the No 3 smartphone brand in this region.

In addition, its smartphone shipments to India and Indonesia grew 31 percent and
337 percent, respectively, taking the No 1 position by shipments in India and No
2 in Indonesia.

Canalys data showed Xiaomi has also become the No 1 smartphone brand in Ukraine
in the fourth quarter of last year, accounting for 26.7 percent of market share.
It is the first time Xiaomi led in the Ukraine smartphone market since its
official entry in 2016.

IDC data showed smartphone sales in 2018 declined globally. The only three
companies that managed to increase their shipments are Huawei, Xiaomi and Oppo,
emphasizing Xiaomi has done exceptionally well in a few markets in Europe, most
notably Spain.

"Outside of a handful of high-growth markets like India, Indonesia, South Korea,
and Vietnam, we did not see a lot of positive (smartphone market) activity in
2018," said Ryan Reith, program vice-president with IDC's worldwide mobile
device trackers.

"We believe several factors are at play here, including lengthening replacement
cycles, increasing penetration levels in many large markets, political and
economic uncertainty (like Brexit), and growing consumer frustration around
continuously rising price-points," said Reith.

fanfeifei@chinadaily.com.cn

Consumers look at smartphone models at a Xiaomi store in Zagreb, capital of
Croatia. The first Xiaomi store in Croatia opened on Dec 20 last year. Xinhua

(China Daily 03/25/2019 page14)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/76/155347482790.jpg

a41f726719b21e025bff0b.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/73/155347482823.jpg

a41f726719b21e025c230c.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/55/155347482858.jpg

a41f726719b21e025c280e.jpg


                             300 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             March 22, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: The US should stop trying to sabotage BRI projects

BYLINE: Chen Weihua

BODY:

In early 2015, the Barack Obama administration tried desperately to block the
United Kingdom and several other European countries from joining the Asian
Infrastructure Investment Bank by accusing, without any basis, the then newly
established bank of possible low environmental and governance standards.

The real reason, according to former US treasury secretary Larry Summers, was
that the Obama administration could not secure any funding from the
Republican-controlled Congress to join the AIIB. And to save itself from
embarrassment, the US administration tried to prevent European countries from
joining the bank.

The attempt has been widely criticized by Republicans and Democrats both as a
blunder. Former US deputy secretary of state Robert Zoellick, who famously said
that China should become a "responsible stakeholder", sighed that when China was
playing the role of a responsible stakeholder, the US tried to stop it.

The US is trying to do the same again.

While the AIIB provides much needed infrastructure financing for countries, the
China-proposed Belt and Road Initiative aims to build connectivity linking Asia,
Europe and Africa. The initiative, which has been endorsed by more than 100
countries, is aimed at building roads, bridges, railways, ports and other
infrastructure facilities, in order to help expedite economic growth, especially
in developing countries, which are often haunted by high youth unemployment.

And building roads and bridges, no doubt, will benefit the world much more than
the 800-plus military bases that the US has built across the world.

However, when Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte indicated that Rome would
sign a memorandum of agreement with Beijing on the Belt and Road Initiative
during President Xi Jinping's ongoing visit to Italy, the White House became
furious again. Garrett Marquis, a White House National Security Council
spokesman, called the BRI a "vanity project" and a debt trap. He even said the
accord Italy planned to sign was "a political hazard".

Perhaps Marquis believes that the Italian government does not know how to make
its own decisions. But if he really knows anything about debt traps, he should
advise the US administration how to stop its monstrous national debt of about
$22 trillion from continuing to climb at an alarming rate.

Besides, if Marquis believes the US has a better vision and a superior
infrastructure connectivity plan than the BRI, he should let the world know
about it instead of slandering China like a loser - a trait evident among the
senior US officials who coerced European countries to not include Huawei in
their 5G networks.

Italy might be the first G7 member to endorse the BRI, but it is not the first
European Union country to do so. Portugal, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Greece,
Poland and Hungary have all inked BRI deals with China.

On March 13, CNBC reported that Malta, an island nation in the Mediterranean
that is also a EU member state, has indicated it, too, could join the BRI. The
news channel quoted Maltese Finance Minister Edward Scicluna as saying that
"certain prejudices" should not come in the way of good business.

I am not sure if Marquis, or his boss, US National Security Advisor John Bolton,
plan to lecture, warn or threaten Malta as they have been doing to Italy these
past days. But instead of indulging in such reactionary activities, the US
should abandon its Cold War mentality and stop looking for non-existent enemies.

More important, the US should also stop forcing other countries to choose
between China and the US, especially as many countries made it clear they do not
want to be lectured on what they should do when the Obama administration
launched the "pivot to Asia strategy".

The world needs more infrastructure-building projects such as the BRI, not moves
to sabotage such projects, as the US has been trying to do for quite some time
now.

The author is chief of China Daily EU Bureau based in Brussels.
chenweihua@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 03/22/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/18/155321563298.jpg

00221917e13e1dfe68dd21.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/90/155321563334.jpg

00221917e13e1dfe68e622.jpg


                             301 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            March 21, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Huawei defends its brand integrity

BYLINE: Karl Wilson in Sydney and Ouyang Shijia in Beijing

BODY:

Chinese technology giant Huawei will take a "proactive approach" to represent
its brand "truthfully and honestly" in Australia, a senior executive told China
Daily on Wednesday in Sydney.

Jeremy Mitchell, Huawei's director of corporate and public affairs for
Australia, New Zealand, and the South Pacific, said that lots of things said
about Huawei "are simply not based on fact".

Mitchell had earlier written a blog post criticizing former Australian prime
minister Malcolm Turnbull for calling on the United Kingdom to boycott Huawei's
5G technology as "it posed a security risk".

Australia will begin the shift to fifth-generation cellular wireless technology,
known as 5G, later this year without Huawei. The company based in Shenzhen,
Guangdong province, is considered a world leader in 5G technology but was banned
by the Australian federal government from taking part in the transition because
of "security concerns".

"Now that Huawei is excluded from the Australian 5G mix, telecom operators will
be paying around 30 percent more for second-best technology," Mitchell said.

He criticized Turnbull for believing the "myth" of an increased security risk.
"The myth falsely suggests the edge or radio access layer of the network can't
be sufficiently secured in a 5G network," he said.

Australia was the first country to ban Huawei's 5G equipment and has never
explained what those security concerns were. Huawei has invited authorities to
examine its technology, but the Australian government has never taken up the
invitation - unlike its counterparts in New Zealand, Canada and the UK.

Philip Branch, associate professor of engineering at Swinburne University of
Technology in Melbourne, said, "I am not sure about the actual numbers, but
there will definitely be a cost in blocking Huawei."

Branch said Huawei has engaged with the international process and has made
significant contributions to the standards.

"Their products are likely to be technologically advanced, but given the scale
of production likely with such a big market, also very competitively priced. By
eliminating Huawei from the tender process, the other companies have a very
strong competitor removed for them," he said.

Huawei is a key player in introducing next-generation 5G network technologies as
well as a leading smartphone brand that rivals key players like Apple and
Samsung.

It has been steadily increasing its 5G contracts despite alleged security
concerns in some markets.

Hu Houkun, rotating chairman of Huawei, said on Wednesday in Beijing that so
far, the company has shipped more than 45,000 5G base stations for the world,
compared to the 40,000 it claimed at last month's Mobile World Congress in
Barcelona.

Huawei also said during the conference in Spain that it has secured over 30 5G
contracts in overseas markets and has signed cooperation deals with more than 50
partners.

"We need to grasp 5G business opportunities and actively carry out more
cross-industry cooperation in terms of 5G applications, which will help boost
global industrial development," Hu said.

Contact the writers at karlwilson@chinadailyapac.com

(China Daily 03/21/2019 page3)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/57/155312929922.jpg

a41f726b05111dfd1a670b.jpg


                             302 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            March 21, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Network growth to make nation biggest 5G market

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

China is set to become the world's largest 5G market, with 460 million users of
the next-generation superfast network by 2025, a report released on Wednesday
said.

This is expected to occur as the nation plays a pioneering role in constructing
the network and experimenting with cutting-edge applications such as remote
surgeries, the report said.

The user number in China is forecast to be higher than that of Europe (205
million) and the United States (187 million) combined, according to the report
released in Beijing by the Global System for Mobile Communications Association,
which represents the interests of more than 750 mobile operators worldwide.

Mats Granryd, director general of GSMA, said, "After spending billions over the
last decade deploying 4G networks to all corners of the country, Chinese mobile
operators are now set to invest a further $58 billion over the next two years to
prepare for and begin 5G rollouts, laying the groundwork for China to become one
of the world's leading 5G markets."

Backed by 5G, China's mobile ecosystem is expected to add 6 trillion yuan in
value to the national economy in 2023, up from 5.2 trillion yuan last year, the
report added.

"China's mobile industry has been a key driver of economic growth, inclusion and
modernization - creating a new generation of digital consumers and transforming
industry and society," Granryd added.

The report came as China's big three mobile operators - China Mobile, China
Unicom and China Telecom - are scrambling to con-duct trial operations of 5G
systems in a string of cities. They are aiming to fully commercialize the
technology in 2020.

Hu Houkun, rotating chairman of telecom equipment maker Huawei Technologies Co,
said 5G is not just at least 10 times faster than 4G.

Its massive capacity to connect things and extremely fast response speed will
bring "revolutionary" changes, such as putting almost everything online to boost
efficiency, Hu said.

"These changes are right before our eyes," Hu said. "This year, 5G will also
play a vital part in triggering explosive growth in virtual reality and
augmented reality because it can solve all the technological bottlenecks that
are blocking the industry's development," Hu added.

On Saturday, with technological support from Huawei and China Mobile, a patient
with Parkinson's disease underwent China's first 5G-based remote surgery.

A doctor in Sanya, Hainan province, remotely manipulated surgical instruments to
implant a deep brain stimulator known as a 'brain pacemaker' into the patient
who was around 2,500 kilometers away in Beijing.

Wang Jianzhou, former chairman of China Mobile, said the surgery marks a big
step in applying 5G to traditional sectors.

"The era of 5G is just around the corner, for the global community has moved
beyond just talking about network construction. Instead, they are working hard
to experiment with application scenarios," Wang said.

China's traditional sectors are showing a strong interest in partnering with
telecom companies to explore 5G, he said.

That's significant because one of the greatest promises of 5G lies in its
integration with a wide range of sectors, and China can play a leading role in
the process, Wang said.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 03/21/2019 page1)


                             303 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            March 21, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Majority of inventive ideas now filed in Asian countries

BYLINE: Yuan Shenggao

BODY:

Asian innovators filed more than half of international patent applications,
driven by growth in China, India and South Korea, according to the latest data
from the World Intellectual Property Organization.

Milestone after international patent filings increased almost 4 percent since
2017

Asian innovators filed more than half of international patent applications,
driven by growth in China, India and South Korea, according to the latest data
from the World Intellectual Property Organization.

"Asia is now the majority filer of international patent applications via WIPO,
which is an important milestone for that economically dynamic region and
underscores the historical geographical shift of innovative activity from West
to East," WIPO Director-General Francis Gurry said at a news conference in
Geneva on Tuesday.

"Intellectual property is a critical competitive element in the modern global
economy, with everyone benefiting from this race to create and innovate that
results in new products that transform our world and the way people live
everywhere," he added.

A boy shows keen interest in a robot featuring 5G telecommunication technologies
developed by Huawei Technologies in Shanghai in February. The company ranked top
among corporate filers of international patent applications worldwide last year.
Yin Liqin / China News Service

International applications filed via the Patent Cooperation Treaty, governed by
WIPO, surpassed the quarter-million benchmark last year. It increased 3.9
percent from 2017 to 253,000.

Inventors from China filed the second-largest number of PCT filings in 2018,
contributing more than 53,340 applications. The United States was the largest
filer with some 56,140 applications.

China is expected to outstrip the US within the next two years on current
trends, according to WIPO.

On the PCT chart, Japan ranked third with more than 49,700 filings, followed by
Germany and South Korea.

China and India were the only two middle-income countries among the top 15
filers of PCT applications.

India and Finland were the only countries to record double-digit annual growth
among the top 15.

China and South Korea both saw strong growth, although China's rate was its
lowest since 2002, at 9.1 percent.

In contrast, the Netherlands, France and the US each saw a decrease in filings.

Chinese telecoms giant Huawei Technologies was the top corporate filer in 2018,
with a record number of 5,405 published PCT applications.

It was tailed by Mitsubishi Electric in Japan (2,812); Intel in the US (2,499);
Qualcomm in the US (2,404); and ZTE in China (2,080).

ZTE, which was the top applicant in 2016, witnessed a 29.8 percent drop in the
number of published PCT filings in 2018, its second straight year of declines.

On the top 10 corporate applicant list, six companies were from Asia, two from
Europe and two from the US.

For the first time, Chinese universities joined the top 10 educational
institutes' list in terms of PCT filings in 2018.

The list has five universities from the US, four from China and one from South
Korea.

The University of California ranked highest with 501 published applications,
extending a leading position it has held since 1993.

Chinese institutions - Shenzhen University and South China University of
Technology - took third and fourth position respectively.

Among technology fields, digital communication overtook computer technology to
take the largest share of published PCT applications. The two sectors were
followed by electrical machinery, medical technology and transport.

Transport, digital communication and semiconductors were the fields of
technology with the highest rates of growth in 2018.

Another two WIPO-governed international intellectual property filing tools also
saw growth in 2018.

The Madrid system, designed for international trademark applications, registered
61,200 filings - a 6.4 percent rise from 2017. The Hague system for industrial
designs posted a 3.7 percent year-on-year increase, surpassing 5,400
applications.

(China Daily 03/21/2019 page17)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/98/155312930566.jpg

a41f726719b21dfd166314.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/38/155312930583.jpg

a41f726719b21dfd167915.jpg


                             304 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            March 21, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Xiaomi shares decline by 5%

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Shares of Chinese smartphone vendor Xiaomi Corp declined by 5 percent on
Wednesday after its quarterly revenue fell short of expectations, though the
company beat profit estimates with strong performances in India and Western
Europe.

Lower-than-expected quarterly revenue mars impressive growth in net profit

Shares of Chinese smartphone vendor Xiaomi Corp declined by 5 percent on
Wednesday after its quarterly revenue fell short of expectations, though the
company beat profit estimates with strong performances in India and Western
Europe.

The company's share closed at HK $11.64 ($1.48) in Hong Kong. Xiaomi posted 44.4
billion yuan ($6.63 billion) in revenue in the fourth quarter of 2018, up 26.5
percent year-on-year, but fell short of the expectations of 47.4 billion yuan,
according to Refinitiv data.

Thanks to growing popularity in India and Western Europe, the Beijing-based
company's fourth-quarter net profit, however, more than tripled to 1.85 billion
yuan, exceeding the 1.7 billion yuan average estimate.

A visitor checks out Xiaomi go-kart products during the Mobile World Congress in
Barcelona on Feb 25. Getty Images

This is the third quarterly financial report of Xiaomi since its initial public
offering in Hong Kong. It shows that despite the slowdown in the global
smartphone market, the company is facing its challenges relatively well, experts
said.

Xiang Ligang, director-general of the Information Consumption Alliance, said
Xiaomi has witnessed strong performance in the overseas markets with its
cost-effective and quality smartphones, but 2019 will be a challenging year,
with smartphone shipments worldwide continuing to slump.

Xiaomi is already working hard to reduce its reliance on China, with the nation
leading the global decline in smartphone shipments. In 2018, Xiaomi earned about
40 percent of its total revenue from outside China, compared with 28 percent in
2017.

From September to December 2018, smartphone shipments in China plummeted by
nearly 10 percent year-on-year, according to data from market research company
International Data Corp. In the same timeframe, Xiaomi's shipments to China
plunged by more than a third to 10.3 million smartphones from a year earlier,
while its market share slid nearly 4 percentage points to 10 percent.

Lei Jun, chairman and CEO of Xiaomi, said on Wednesday that the company is
making big preparations for 5G-enabled smartphones, which will usher in a new
growth period for the whole industry.

In January, Lei said that the company is aiming to be the No 1 or No 2 player of
its kind in Europe, as it strives to expand its presence in overseas markets
amid mounting competition with rivals such as Huawei Technologies Co Ltd.

At first, the company wanted to become the No 1 or No 2 smartphone vendor in one
or two European countries, such as Spain and France, Lei added. The comments
came after Xiaomi's smartphone shipments to Western Europe grew 386 percent
year-on-year in the third quarter of 2018, according to market research company
Canalys.

Fu Liang, an independent telecom analyst who has been following the industry for
more than a decade, said he is optimistic about Xiaomi's future expansion in
Western Europe. Though local consumers' tastes for smartphones vary from that of
Chinese users, Xiaomi's performance shows that it already has a good brand
awareness there and is doing relatively well in localizing products and
services.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 03/21/2019 page16)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/6/155312930643.jpg

a41f726719b21dfd161111.jpg


                             305 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            March 20, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: African winners of Huawei's contest to visit China

BODY:

JOHANNESBURG - The winners of the Huawei ICT Competition Southern Africa 2018-19
were awarded trophies in Johannesburg on March 10. And, they will soon set off
for China for the final global competition.

Yusuf Hamisi, 26, is a first-year information technology student at the Open
University of Tanzania, who was part of the winning team.

"This is such a great opportunity. I didn't know that it would open so many
doors for me," he says, adding that this is important for them.

About 28,000 students from universities and colleges across the sub-Saharan
region took part in the competition, with teams from Nigeria and Tanzania
clinching victories.

The winners, together with teams from Kenya and Angola will join another 22
teams from across the world to compete in May.

Huawei is a global provider of information and communication technology. And its
ICT competition, carried out at national, regional and global levels, has become
one of the largest in the world, attracting around 80,000 participants this
year.

Huawei's vice-president Mark Xue told the students at the award ceremony that
the ICT competition is a global platform for the exchange of ideas and an
important part of Huawei's talent development strategy.

"I am very pleased that we have enhanced mutual understanding through this
journey for the development of your country and this promising continent," he
said.

Wang Daoyu, first secretary of education at the Chinese embassy in South Africa,
says providing hundreds of African students with information and communication
technology skills is significant for the development and industrialization of
the continent, and is essential for the industrialization and development of all
developing countries.

The competition is also key for people-to-people exchanges, and it has brought
so many together for the betterment of lives and people from Africa, Wang says.

Xinhua

(China Daily 03/20/2019 page20)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/63/155304289500.jpg

a41f726b05111dfbcc7b25.jpg


                             306 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             March 19, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Xi's visit will inject fresh vigor into cooperation with Europe

BODY:

President Xi Jinping is scheduled to pay state visits to Italy, Monaco and
France from March 21 to 26.

The timing of his trip has attracted attention as it comes when the European
Union heads of state or government are gathering at the European Council on
Thursday to review a fresh 10-point policy package regarding China, and less
than three weeks before the next China-EU summit.

Coming at such a sensitive juncture, the visits undoubtedly have special
significance and will be scrutinized for auguries of the future course of
China-EU relations.

The 10-point plan the European Commission and its high representative put
forward on March 11 indicate that, despite a general willingness to engage
China, Europe remains more or less ambivalent. Which prompted the European
Commission and its high representative to call for Europe's approach "to be more
realistic, assertive and multifaceted".

Such an appeal is understandable considering their definition of China as a
"cooperation partner", "negotiating partner", "economic competitor" and
"systemic rival".

Such terms as "competitor" and "rival" may sound less than desirable in what is
now touted broadly as a partnership of strategic cooperation. Xi's visits should
be taken as precious opportunities to cement bilateral partnerships and mitigate
misgivings about the country's strategic purposes.

The prospect of cooperation with European nations looks bright because both
sides are keenly aware of the promising potentials of a widening partnership.
With Italy and France, for instance, China has found increasing common
interests, not only on bilateral levels, but globally.

Rome, in particular, is reportedly ready to join the Beijing-proposed Belt and
Road Initiative. And we will almost certainly see fresh agreements reached and
contracts inked during Xi's visits which will give substance to the words
expressing the desire for greater cooperation.

The pressure the United States is putting on its European allies to exclude
China's Huawei from their 5G telecommunications market is erecting tough
political hurdles in the way of the China-EU economic partnership. Which will no
doubt make the balancing acts of European nations even more difficult.

While it is up to the Europeans to make their choices, President Xi's visits
will nonetheless convey the message that China is a "cooperation partner" that
is dedicated to win-win outcomes, a "negotiating partner" that is serious about
mutual benefits, an "economic competitor" that brings boundless opportunities,
and a "systemic rival" that cherishes "peaceful coexistence".

China-EU relations have enjoyed sound momentum of growth, and effective
coordination and cooperation will enable them to build on that for their mutual
benefit.

(China Daily 03/19/2019 page8)


                             307 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             March 18, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Dialing world for success in 5G era

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Chinese smartphone maker Oppo is making a strong push into overseas markets,
after it strengthened its position as the second-largest player on its home
turf.

Oppo's expansion speeds up with its handsets that boast cutting-edge tech

Chinese smartphone maker Oppo is making a strong push into overseas markets,
after it strengthened its position as the second-largest player on its home
turf.

The Guangdong-based company believes that its 10 years of experience in
exploring foreign countries, and its growing pool of patents and international
talent, will help it to go global in a better way.

Two days ahead of the Feb 25-28 Mobile World Congress Barcelona, the largest
annual telecommunications gathering in Spain, Oppo unveiled its first 5G
smartphone and announced that four foreign telecom carriers are to be among the
first to sell the 5G model.

Attendees take photographs of an Oppo 5G smartphone model at a launch event
ahead of the last month's MWC Barcelona in Spain. Bloomberg

Oppo said its 5G handset will use the United States semiconductor giant Qualcomm
Inc's Snapdragon 855 chipset and X50 modem to latch onto 5G networks.

Four carriers - Swisscom, Australia's Telstra and Optus, and Sing-Tel of
Singapore - will sell the as yet unnamed 5G Oppo phone first, which is scheduled
to be launched in the second quarter of this year.

Shen Yiren, vice-president of Oppo, said the four overseas carriers are rolling
out the 5G networks rapidly, so the company chose to first sell its 5G
smartphones in Europe. Its partnership with Swisscom is the fastest.

The move marks the latest step by Oppo to build itself as an innovative brand in
Europe, trying to lure consumers with cutting-edge products and design.

This is also proof of the company's determination to conquer more developed
markets after its products became available in more than 40 countries and
regions.

In June 2018, Oppo launched its high-end smartphone model Find X in Paris,
marking its official foray into Europe. As of January, it had entered nine
European markets, including Italy, Spain, and the United Kingdom.

Wu Qiang, who is in charge of Oppo's overseas business, said the company is not
adopting an aggressive strategy in overseas markets. Instead, it strictly
follows CEO Chen Mingyong's principle of "eating rice bite by bite".

"We will only enter the next market after doing a good job in existing markets,"
Wu said.

Oppo's intensified interest in foreign countries came after the Chinese
smartphone market hit a saturation point, with shipments declining for several
quarters.

From September to December of 2018, smartphone shipments in China plunged almost
10 percent year-on-year, according to data from market research company
International Data Corp or IDC.

Though Oppo outgrew the industry average to achieve an annual expansion rate of
1.5 percent in that time-frame, there is still a pressing need to look for new
opportunities, Wu said.

"About 100 million units of handsets are sold in Europe every year. We must
build a presence there."

Other Chinese smartphone makers, including Huawei, Xiaomi and Vivo, are also
looking beyond their home turf for growth. In this context, Oppo believes it has
an edge over others as it first started its international journey as early as in
2009 in Thailand, much before others jumped on the going-global bandwagon.

In the fourth quarter of 2018, Oppo outcompeted Samsung to become the largest
smartphone vendor in Thailand with a market share of 22.2 percent, growing about
70 percent year-on-year, according to the market research company Canalys.

Its products and services are also well received in other South Asian and
Southeast Asian countries, including India, and African countries such as Kenya.

In 2018, Oppo shipped 113 million units of smartphones worldwide, garnering a
global market share of more than 8 percent, according to IDC data.

But Wu admitted that it is not easy to crack open the hard nut of European
smartphone market where most handsets are sold in large retail chains and by
local telecom operators.

Also, European consumers are different from their Chinese counterparts in terms
of product preferences. For instance, European consumers are not big fans of
beautifying photos. As a result, the company has to work hard to localize its
products.

Although Oppo is a well-known brand among European telecom industry
professionals, awareness about it among the consumers is not high.

"It takes time to build a brand, with careful consideration needed to decide
what forms of marketing and product communications are appropriate. We are
working hard to know the specific characteristics of each market," Wu said.

Xiang Ligang, director-general of the Information Consumption Alliance, said if
Chinese smartphone makers want to truly grow into global brands, they cannot
just stay in China or Southeast Asia or Africa. They need to establish a
presence in more advanced markets such as Japan, Europe and the United States.

"They had made significant technological advancements as well as product designs
in recent years. They are now in a relatively good position to venture out into
the advanced battlefields," Xiang said.

Even as Oppo steps up expansion in Europe, it has filed over 33,000 patent
applications worldwide as of January.

It has also inked a multi-year global patent license agreement with Swedish
telecom equipment giant Ericsson. Under the deal, the two sides will also
collaborate on a number of business projects.

The deal is the latest in a series of patent license agreements with key
industry partners such as Qualcomm, Dolby and Nokia. This strategy is expected
to clear the patent obstacles for Oppo to better serve global consumers in the
5G era, said Fu Liang, an independent telecom analyst.

"Talent is what we are in dire need of, to explore overseas market," Wu said.

Oppo aims to have 90 percent of its Europe-based staff sourced from the local
talent pool, so as to better tap into the design and art scholars from local
universities.

The company said it currently has over 40,000 employees globally, with 10
manufacturing facilities and six research institutes across the world.

Its mobile operating system ColorOS commands 250 million users worldwide. To
expand its reach, Oppo has also set up over 400,000 points of sale worldwide.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 03/18/2019 page14)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/85/155287008353.jpg

a41f726719b21df920fb0e.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/15/155287008391.jpg

a41f726719b21df9210b0f.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/1/155287008443.jpg

a41f726719b21df9211111.jpg


                             308 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             March 18, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Demonization of Huawei will prove to be a political farce

BODY:

China's Palace Museum signed an agreement on Friday with Huawei Technologies Co
Ltd to promote the use of its 5G telecommunications technology. With the new
generation telecoms technology, the Forbidden City, which is the tourist site
that welcomes the largest number of visitors in the world each year, will
definitely provide state-of-the-art services.

Supported by the much faster mobile network, the museum will likely be
digitalized to such an extent that visitors thousands of miles away may be able
to explore it in virtual reality. And those visiting it in person will be able
to learn about the treasures it houses in greater detail with the aid of digital
technology.

In the past 20 years since the museum started to facilitate its work with
digital technology, a lot of information about the cultural relics it preserves
has been provided on its app, and multiple digitalized ways have been employed
for visitors to have a more rewarding experience.

The cooperation between the museum and Huawei will now take that to an even
higher level, as the new generation of telecoms technology will enrich the
experience of visitors to the museum, virtually and in reality, even further.
And if conditions become mature in the near future, it will not just be visits
to the Palace Museum that 5G transforms.

With 5G networks and a smartphone, one will be able to have a consultation with
a doctor without leaving home or give instructions to robotic cleaners to do
household chores.

In fact, what the new 5G networks represent is none other than the next
technological revolution. There is no reason to politicize the arrival of this
next-generation technology. Neither is there any reason to demonize what Huawei,
as one of the world biggest telecoms equipment providers, is doing to usher in
this technological revolution.

What is even more dangerous than the harm done to fair competition in the world
market is the negative impact the political barriers some Western countries have
put in the way of Huawei will have on the evolution of technology.

Huawei, which is a private company that has no affiliations to the government,
can provide the most advanced technologies and equipment for 5G mobile networks.
Those trying to block it on national security grounds are simply not keeping up
with the times.

No country has provided any solid evidence to support the accusations that the
Chinese telecoms giant presents a threat.

What they've done to Huawei will, as technology progresses, be shown to be
nothing more than a political farce.

(China Daily 03/18/2019 page8)


                             309 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            March 16, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Palace Museum to get 5G technology

BYLINE: Wang Kaihao

BODY:

When visitors to the gigantic Palace Museum complex in Beijing feel a need to
sit down for a cup of tea or find a bathroom without a long line, they soon will
be able to turn to their smartphones for the information they need.

This modern-day solution at the venerable compound comes thanks to an agreement
signed on Friday by the museum and Huawei Co, the telecommunication giant, to
build a "smart network" using 5G technology, the fifth generation of mobile
network communications.

Under the agreement, 5G Wi-Fi signals will cover the 720,000-square-meter
compound, China's imperial palace from 1420 to 1911 and also known as the
Forbidden City, and the branch museum of the institution under construction in
northwestern Beijing.

But visitor comfort is not the only benefit of a 5G smart network.

Huawei will also provide the museum with cutting-edge technologies for the
internet of things - devices or objects linked in a network - cloud computing
and artificial intelligence to facilitate such functions as management, security
and preservation of cultural relics.

"It's essential to always stay close to the latest technology to better serve
the public," said Shan Jixiang, director of the Palace Museum.

Shan said there is still much room for improvement in the handling of a huge
number of cultural relics, such as when the priceless painting Along the River
During the Qingming Festival is exhibited again next year.

The Northern Song Dynasty (960-1127) landscape painting is considered the
best-known ancient Chinese work of art. When it was last exhibited in 2015,
visitors stood in long lines until 3 am to get a glimpse. The museum ended up
preparing instant noodles to serve the hungry visitors.

"I don't want that scenario to recur," Shan said. "Our operation can be done in
a more scientific way."

The new system will make use of the more than 3,000 closed-circuit television
cameras that are installed all over the Palace Museum. Shan said
facial-recognition technology will determine which areas are most popular with
frequent visitors in order to analyze their preferences.

"We can later, accordingly, provide useful information on our exhibitions," he
said.

The CCTV cameras also are used to safeguard the museum's precious relics. More
than 1.86 million of them are housed at the museum, which logged 17.5 million
visits from the public in 2018, topping all museums worldwide.

"How can we make sure no single visitor who might have evil ideas threatens
these treasures?" Shan said. "After adopting the internet of things, we can
instantly detect any motion involving the artifacts to prevent such threats."

Such a networked system also will be used to facilitate management of inventory
and closely supervise transportation and exhibition of cultural relics.

New technologies can assist the museum staff in other ways, too, said Wang Tao,
a member of Huawei's board of directors.

The company will use algorithms to more efficiently draft tailored plans for
restoring cultural relics after information on similar pieces and files on each
collection are included in a database.

"We can thus combine old craftsmen's experience and artificial intelligence,"
Wang said.

The 5G network also will be used to improve remote consultation through webcams,
which will facilitate conversations with overseas scholars to jointly find the
best answers for restoration and preservation issues, he said.

wangkaihao@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 03/16/2019 page1)


                             310 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            March 14, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Black holes, cheese, cherries and the far side of the moon

BYLINE: John Nicholson

BODY:

Those people at the Harvard Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics in Cambridge,
Massachusetts, seem to know a lot about stars, but doesn't anyone teach them
about expectations management?

This matter of Earth-shattering importance came to my mind on Tuesday as I sat
at the breakfast table lapping up a Xinhua News Agency report that said
scientists expect to show the world pictures of black holes within a year.

Now, I know we've been hanging around for a few billion years waiting for our
holiday snapshots of black holes, and I'll be the last to complain if we have to
wait a bit longer, but I swear that as I read this news I was overcome.

As the Earth moved off its axis - ever so slightly - and stardust blew into my
face, I struggled to digest my last spoon of cereal, before glancing to the
clock on my right to see that I had to be at work in 20 minutes.

First of all, what are these photos being taken with?

A trusty old Leica, a more modern iPhone 10 or the latest Huawei Galaxy (forgive
me if I'm mixing up the names - it's all so technical) that includes the latest
gizmos to give your photos a professional look.

No doubt we shall get all these details within the next 360 days or so, when the
world's media gather at the headquarters of the Black Hole Initiative (yes,
that's this mission's unpretentious title) to hear exactly what these pictures
show.

That is where expectations management comes into all of this. Any PR
professional worth his or her salt will say that it is always best to keep
expectations of a news media audience low so that when the news is eventually
released, as they say, there will be widespread euphoria and the joyous masses
will rapturously applaud whatever is being announced and whoever is doing the
announcing.

So whoever let on to the world through the kind offices of Xinhua that we should
expect - "expect!" - pictures of black holes within a year needs a quiet talking
to. Not that the time frame is my main concern.

With my wild imagination I expect that what the iPhone pictures of black holes
will show is round things that are black.

Now, how exciting is that?

So I offer some free advice to the PR flack at the Harvard Smithsonian Center
for Astrophysics on how to tantalize the public before this great event, in a
manner that can bring only more exposure and greater worldwide prestige to the
center.

Put out a media statement that includes this: "Professor Higgsboson said that at
the moment the center is working on the theory that black holes are triangular
and are a creamy yellow color - but this is far from conclusive - and that
cherries may or may not be twirling around in the center of this gigantic mass,
kept in place by tremendous gravitational forces."

As alert readers will know, there has been talk of humans returning to the moon
some time in the future, and for such a mission's PR meisters I have some free
advice, too.

Tell the world's masses that you think the moon is made of camembert, not
cheddar.

Contact the writer at nicholson@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 03/14/2019 page22)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/54/155252453555.jpg

a41f726b05111df3ded12f.jpg


                             311 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            March 14, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: EU should not be cowed into toeing US line

BODY:

The European Commission set out new policy recommendations for its ties with
China on Tuesday. The 10-point plan, which will be put to European Union leaders
to discuss at their next summit meeting in Brussels on March 21-22, is the
bloc's latest attempt to recalibrate its interaction with China amid changing
international realities.

While stressing the EU's intention to seek reciprocal economic ties with China
and greater bilateral cooperation on climate change and peace, the proposal also
touches upon a few sensitive areas, which, if mishandled, could upset the good
momentum of China-EU interaction.

While it is natural that the EU should seek to maximize its own interests by
trying to balance its relations with China and the United States, it should not
lose sight of the bigger picture by turning its back on openness and
cooperation.

With the US pressuring its European allies to shun investments from China and
seeking to disrupt the European countries' technological cooperation with China,
it is understandable that the commission should want to show it is taking US
concerns seriously by reviewing and even recalibrating its relations with China.

But while Washington decries what it sees as the distortive effects of foreign
state ownership and security risks posed by foreign investment in critical
assets, technologies and infrastructure - highlighting the security of 5G
networks as a prime example - leaders in Europe should know that those concerns
and suspicions have not been supported with any evidence. For example, US
officials have never provided any proof when alleging that China's
telecommunications giant Huawei Technologies is a security threat.

Although China and the EU countries differ in their political systems and social
backgrounds, their common interests, which have expanded over the years, far
outweigh their differences.

On the international front, for example, China and the EU have worked closely on
all major issues concerning world peace and development. They are staunch
supporters of global action to address climate change, global governance, WTO
reforms and the Iran nuclear deal.

The European Commission's proposal will be put forward to EU leaders ahead of
the EU-China leaders' meeting on April 9. It is to be hoped that, instead of
fearing they will fall foul of the US, European leaders will view the bloc's
ties with China both objectively and rationally so that any new policy
recommendations focus on propelling China-EU cooperation forward.

The EU has everything to gain from promoting healthy and stable relations with
China. After all, even against the backdrop of the changing international
situation and Washington's "America First" policy, practical cooperation between
China and the EU in various fields has already yielded fruitful outcomes, and
there is much potential waiting to be tapped.

(China Daily 03/14/2019 page8)


                             312 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            March 13, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: US should not feel uneasy over Chinese 5G technology

BYLINE: Mo Jingxi

BODY:

Washington should admit that every country has a justified right to develop and
most countries can make their own choices independently, a Foreign Ministry
spokesman said on Monday.

"More and more people have shown an increasingly just attitude toward Chinese
technology companies' participation in 5G network construction. The United
States should not feel uneasy about this," ministry spokesman Lu Kang told a
news conference in Beijing.

His remarks came after Richard Grenell, US ambassador to Germany, explicitly
warned in a letter to German Economy Minister Peter Altmaier dated Friday that
the country faces consequences if Huawei participates in its 5G infrastructure.

According to The Wall Street Journal, Grenell wrote that allowing the
participation of Huawei or other Chinese equipment vendors in the 5G project
would mean the US won't be able to maintain the same level of cooperation with
German security agencies.

Lu said that some people in the US should not count on any other country
catering to Washington's self interest or political calculations by sacrificing
their own reasonable development rights and interests.

According to Reuters, Altmaier said earlier that Germany did not want to ban
Huawei, but would change its laws to ensure all components used in the 5G
networks are secure.

Grenell, who assumed his current post as ambassador in May, caused a stir in
Germany with a series of threats, including warning of significant sanctions
risk to German companies participating in the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, a joint
project between Germany and Russia.

mojingxi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 03/13/2019 page7)


                             313 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             March 12, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Wearables adoption picking up pace

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

With improved battery life and increasingly rich capabilities, the smart
wearables sector, which has experienced some growing pains, is now finding new
momentum in China, the world's largest wearables market.

Convenience prompting growing number of tech-savvy Chinese consumers to embrace
use of smart devices

With improved battery life and increasingly rich capabilities, the smart
wearables sector, which has experienced some growing pains, is now finding new
momentum in China, the world's largest wearables market.

From smart bands and fitness trackers that can count steps, to watches that can
access smartphone apps and even make calls, local consumers are increasingly
willing to embrace these gadgets to make life more convenient.

Ma Guosheng, a 37-year-old IT engineer at a bank in Hunan province, for
instance, spent about 1,800 yuan ($268) on the 4G version of TicWatch Pro, a
smartwatch made by Chinese company Mobvoi Inc.

Customers look at Apple Watch products at an Apple store in Shanghai. Qiu Daocen
/ For China Daily

"The watch can access dozens of apps and make phone calls. More importantly, it
can last about four to five days. There is no need for me to charge the watch
every day," Ma said.

Users like Ma are helping push the sales of wearables in the country. In the
third quarter of 2018, more than 14.5 million units of wearables were shipped
within China. Gadgets that support third-party applications surged by about 74
percent, according to the latest data from market research company International
Data Corp.

In comparison, global shipments of wearable devices reached 32 million units
during the three-month period. That is to say, China accounted for more than one
third of the industry.

Ramon T. Llamas, research director for the wearables team at IDC, said in a
research note that "China - the largest market for wearables and more than
double the size of the US market - has grown thanks to strong device development
and experimentation, low-cost products and strong demand for basic devices to
draw in new users."

Analysts see the upward trend continuing. Another market research company
Gartner predicted that worldwide shipments of wearable devices will reach 225
million in 2019, up 25.8 percent from the figure in 2018 and driven chiefly by
markets including China.

As a result, end-user spending on wearable devices is expected to reach $42
billion in 2019, with $16.2 billion of that amount on smartwatches, Gartner
added.

Sensing the business potential, Chinese vendors are moving fast to grow their
product portfolios. Xiaomi Corp has stepped up its push to expand its presence
in the sector through Huami Corp, a US-listed company it has invested in.

Huami makes wearable bands and smartwatches for Xiaomi, which helped the latter
leapfrog Apple Inc as the largest wearables vendor by shipment in the third
quarter of 2018.

Xiaomi shipped 6.9 million units of wearables from July to September, grabbing
21.5 percent of the global market. It saw a whopping 90.9 percent year-on-year
growth in that period, data from IDC shows.

The huge popularity of the Mi Band 3 and its successful performance in
international markets are buoying Xiaomi's growth. IDC said nearly 39 percent of
Xiaomi's total shipments were exported out of China, double the roughly 20
percent from a year earlier. The company has successfully expanded its reach to
regions including Europe, India, the Middle East and Africa.

Apple also saw a healthy expansion of 54 percent year-on-year, with 4.2 million
units of wearable devices shipped in the same time frame. Despite losing to
Xiaomi in shipments, the US tech company maintained an absolute advantage in the
premium segment with its Apple Watch series.

"At the moment, the smartwatch market is bolstered by the relatively stable and
higher average selling price of the Apple Watch," Alan Antin, senior director at
Gartner, said in a research note.

But the overall average selling price of smartwatches is expected to slowly
decline from $222 in 2018 to $210 in 2022, as competitors roll out more
affordable products and bigger volumes, resulting in reductions in manufacturing
and component costs, Antin added.

One segment that is seeing strong growth in China is watches for children.
Though without payment capabilities, the devices have other typical smartwatch
capabilities designed to get kids used to wearable technology and to continue to
use it as teenagers and adults.

SE 3, a smartwatch model unveiled by 360 Security Technology Inc, comes with GPS
and Beidou positioning services, which can help parents locate children to
ensure safety. Equipped with a 1.44-inch screen, the watch also supports
internet calls and has a white-name list that can prevent crank calls. Parents
can also set time in which the device can not be used so that children won't be
distracted by the functions in classes.

Other Chinese companies such as Huawei Technologies Co Ltd have also unveiled
smartwatches for fashion or sports purposes, hoping to grab a spot in the
market.

"Several years ago, tech giants jumped the gun before the hardware was able to
catch up to the initial design of smart wearables, triggering weaker market
results than the industry had expected," said Xiang Ligang, a telecom expert and
CEO of the telecom industry website Cctime.

"But as technology advances, some problems are quietly going away, and people
are increasingly willing to accessorize their smartphones," he said.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 03/12/2019 page15)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/78/155235175359.jpg

a41f726719b21df134f709.jpg


                             314 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             March 11, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: China should boost basic research in AI

BYLINE: Jiang Changjun and Zhao Peihai

BODY:

The Government Work Report that Premier Li Keqiang delivered to the national
legislature on March 5 emphasized that artificial intelligence (AI) technology
be strengthened in emerging industries to improve the core competitiveness of
the sector and improve the science and technology industries.

Since 2006, a group of scholars, represented by Geoffrey Hinton, a cognitive
psychologist and computer scientist, has optimized neural network models, with
the focus on AI and characterized by deep learning technology, inspiring a new
wave of developments in the science and technology sectors.

Countries work out AI strategies based on their own national situations to deal
with future scientific and technological competition. For example, Canada issued
the Pan-Canadian Artificial Intelligence Strategy in 2017, which focuses on
basic theoretical research and a pool of talents to strengthen its international
reputation as a cultivator of AI talents.

The Declaration of Cooperation on Artificial Intelligence signed by the European
Union states in 2018 emphasizes the moral code and legal framework of AI, with
the aim of enhancing the technological and industrial capability of the EU to
prepare for the social and economic changes brought about by AI.

And in 2019, the United States announced that the American AI Initiative will
focus on five major aspects of research and development - science and
technology; data resources; policy standards; personnel training; and
international cooperation - in order to ensure its leadership in the field of
AI.

As for China, it formulated the Development Planning for a New Generation of
Artificial Intelligence in 2017 with the aim of becoming a leader in AI theory
and application, as well as an AI innovation center through thorough research.

AI technology development relies on good quality resources. New York and Boston,
for example, depend, to a large extent, on leading financial institutions and
excellent scientific research from institutions such as the Cornell University
and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, to develop AI. No wonder the two
cities account for one-fifth of all AI enterprises in the United States.

The San Francisco Bay Area, on the other hand, has about 2 million workers
employed in onethird of all AI enterprises in the US thanks to the support of
Silicon Valley, Stanford University, University of California, Berkeley, and
other institutions.

China, on its part, has built three AI development areas in Beijing, Shanghai
and Shenzhen.

But when it comes to AI development, the traditional internet giants are still
the leaders. The companies include Google, Microsoft, Amazon, Facebook and IBM
in the US, and Alibaba, Tencent, Huawei and JD.COM in China.

In terms of AI research institutes, the MIT, the University of California,
Berkeley, the University College London, the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Peking
University and Tsinghua University and others lead the way. Google's DeepMind,
though, is a typical example of focused AI research, and notably AlphaGo, a
computerized go program developed by Google DeepMind in 2016, triggered a heated
public debate over human-machine intelligence game.

Given these facts, China and the US have become two important players in AI
technology and research. China has devised an all-around plan for industrial
development and research into cutting-edge technology. But China is still
relatively weak in terms of basic AI theory. For instance, the network
structural models such as convolutional neural network, generative adversarial
network, and government neural network, and algorithm frameworks like TensorFlow
and PyTorch are dominated by foreign institutions. Although China has had some
success in advancing fundamental research, it lacks original results.

Therefore, to break through the basic AI theories and core technology barriers
built by foreign countries, China needs to develop a model that is concentrated
on two aspects.

First, it should make more efforts to propel basic research, boost core
capabilities, and build innovation centers to strengthen the basic capability of
its research in AI.

And second, it should combine the real and virtual industries to boost new
technology and AI application in the domestic market. It also should cultivate a
group of AI enterprises that will have a global impact such as HBAT, and
introduce world-class AI talents to help the country become an AI power.

Jiang Changjun is vice-director of Chinese Association for Artificial
Intelligence, and Zhao Peihai is a lecturer at the School of Computer Science
and Technology, Donghua University. The views don't necessarily represent those
of China Daily.

(China Daily 03/11/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/52/155226525798.jpg

00221917e13e1defe8bb28.jpg


                             315 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             March 11, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Now, 5G buzz powers some telecom A shares

BYLINE: Shi Jing in Shanghai

BODY:

Shares of listed Chinese telecom companies with 5G capabilities are buoyant on
the A-share market, following worldwide buzz about the commercialization of the
fifth-generation technology and China's leading position in the area.

At the Mobile World Congress Barcelona, the pre-eminent and newly rebranded
event of the global smartphone industry, which was held in Spain from Feb 25 to
Feb 28, 5G was the hottest buzzword. And China's controversial Huawei was
acknowledged as a clear winner insofar as new 5G handset models are concerned.

South Korea's Samsung and LG also disclosed details of the progress they had
made in the production of 5G mobile phones. The 5G chips produced by
telecommunications giants such as Qualcomm and Intel also made their debut at
the MWC Barcelona.

All this 5G action translated into bullish sentiment in China toward the shares
of certain listed domestic companies.

In the A-share market, the 5G sector surged 3 percent from Feb 25 to March 1,
according to financial market data provider HiThink RoyalFlush Information
Network.

At least eight A-share telecom companies attracted 5G-related inquiries from
institutional investors during the week.

HiThink data further showed the A-share market's 5G sector surged 4.5 percent
over five trading days beginning Mar 4. Wuhan Raycus Fiber Laser Technologies,
which makes fiber optical equipment, and is listed on the Shenzhen Stock
Exchange, reported the most significant 17-percent spike to 171.73 yuan during
the period.

Miao Wei, minister of industry and information technology, said at the beginning
of this year that China will grant temporary 5G licenses in a number of cities
this year, to enable large-scale construction of 5G networks in key regions.

The ministry will also speed up efforts to hasten the development of 5G
hardware, including smartphones, he said.

Yan Guicheng, chief communications industry analyst at China Securities, said
the industry appears to promise a bright future for the shareholders concerned
as China officially enters the 5G construction cycle this year.

The building of 5G infrastructure will see increased fixed asset investment,
which will be relatively small for the time being. But an uptrend is foreseeable
and investors should seize the right opportunity, he said.

"Companies that have high market value can be the right targets for investors.
Meanwhile, companies that are very likely to outrun their competitors throughout
the technology revolution are worth a close look, as the application of 5G
technology will fundamentally change the world and points to the future.

"In this sense, investors can look at companies specializing in cloud services,
augmented reality, virtual reality, high-resolution streamlining services, and
internet of things," Yan said.

Nascent handsets

As estimated by Shenwan Hongyuan Securities, China's three major
telecommunications operators will set up about 100,000 5G base stations this
year at an estimated total investment of up to 40 billion yuan ($6 billion).

Last year was defined as the beginning of the 5G era and China has been taking
the lead worldwide in the application of 5G technology in certain areas, said
Wang Xi, senior analyst at market consultancy IDC.

But 5G mobile phones are still in the pre-commercial service stage and there is
still a long way to go before their widespread rollout, he said.

Rather than focusing on the shipment of 5G devices, it is now more important to
predict the future scenario and build the necessary ecosystem in which the new
technology can be applied, Wang said.

shijing@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 03/11/2019 page17)


                             316 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             March 9, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: FM says China will defend legal interests

BYLINE: Cao Desheng

BODY:

China supports relevant companies and individuals in seeking legal redress to
protect their rights and interests and refusing to be victimized like "silent
lambs", State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi said on Friday.

Recent actions against a particular Chinese company and individual are by no
means a pure judicial case but "deliberate political suppression", Wang said at
a news conference on the sidelines of the ongoing annual legislative session.

He was referring to the extradition case of Huawei Chief Financial Officer Meng
Wanzhou and issues raised in the Chinese high-tech company's recent lawsuit
against the United States.

The Chinese government will continue to take "all necessary measures" to
safeguard legitimate and lawful interests of Chinese businesses and citizens,
Wang said.

"What we are standing up for is not just the interests of a company, but also
the legitimate right to development of a country and a people - and by
extension, the basic right of all countries who wish to climb up the technology
ladder," he said.

Meng was detained in Canada in December at the request of the United States on
charges related to alleged violation of US sanctions on Iran. She has been
released on bail and faces possible extradition.

Huawei has sued the US government, saying a law limiting its US business is
unconstitutional.

Speaking of China-US relations, Wang said the two countries stand to gain from
cooperation and lose from confrontation.

"Although a great deal has changed in the world and in both countries, this
valuable lesson still holds true today and must continue to guide our
interactions. We must stay the course without any doubt," he said.

Wang said the current frictions don't represent the big picture of the ties
between China and the United States, adding that the two countries should not,
and will not, reach a confrontation.

He called on the United States to eliminate its zero-sum mentality and work with
China to foster healthy competition while deepening their cooperation and
striving for win-win outcomes.

Wang said China has a positive outlook on China-US relations, adding that the
two countries should make joint efforts to promote bilateral ties based on
coordination, cooperation and stability.

He described some individuals' ideas of decoupling the US economy from that of
China as "wishful thinking". Decoupling from China would mean decoupling from
opportunities, from the future, and, in a sense, from the world, he added.

Cooperation remains the mainstream of China-US relations, Wang said.

He said trade talks have made substantial progress, and both countries will have
solutions acceptable to both sides to any difficult problem as long as they
respect each other and stay committed to consultations on an equal footing.

Wang reiterated China's pursuit of peaceful development, saying assertiveness
has never been part of China's tradition, and hegemony will never be the
country's choice, even when it becomes stronger.

"China will surely become stronger, but will not be assertive. China values its
independence, but will not go it alone. China will stand up for its rights, but
will not seek hegemony," Wang said.

However, he added, China will safeguard its legitimate and lawful rights and
interests, and, in the meantime, will not tolerate any act that infringes on the
country's sovereignty and dignity.

caodesheng@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 03/09/2019 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/30/155208531846.jpg

00221917e13e1ded32bb06.jpg


                             317 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              March 8, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Huawei strikes back against US tyranny

BODY:

The Chinese telecommunications company that has been in the crosshairs of
Washington's pressure campaign against China has filed a lawsuit against the US
government.

It is a bold move by Huawei Technologies to challenge the legality of a ban on
federal agencies buying the company's products. However, since the US
administration has used one scheme after another to strike a mortal blow against
it, Huawei has been left with no choice but to fight back.

In a statement released on Thursday, the company said it has filed a complaint
in a US district court in Texas - where its US headquarters are located -
challenging a provision of the US National Defense Authorization Act that bars
the government and its contractors from using Huawei equipment.

The company is challenging the provision, which was only signed into law last
August, on the grounds the restrictions targeting it are "unconstitutional", as
they single it out for punishment without producing any evidence.

Desperate to ensure it has the world's 5G networks in its hands, the current US
administration has been hounding Huawei without respite. Most malevolently by
persecuting Huawei's chief financial officer, Meng Wanzhou, who was detained in
Canada at the request of the US Justice Department.

Meng's lawyer informed a Canadian court on Wednesday of his concerns that the
allegations against her were politically motivated.

But as well as this nasty expediency of targeting Meng, the US has also been
pressing its allies to exclude Huawei from their national 5G networks and
demanded their telecom companies shun Huawei products.

Needless to say, the road ahead for Huawei to win the case will be challenging
and time-consuming. But given the US' determination to victimize it, Huawei has
no choice but to defend itself.

People around the world realize that Huawei is being scapegoated by the US.
Already the US has faced difficulty in persuading others to jump on its anti-
Huawei bandwagon.

Huawei may encounter difficulties and suffer lost business opportunities
overseas for the time being. But if the US believes that it can continue to
smear the company's image worldwide like this without any blowback, it is
kidding itself.

Such dishonest business practices, which contradict the principles that have
allowed US companies and the US to thrive, will only backfire and tarnish the
US' own credibility.

Especially since the past - proven - activities of the National Security Agency
give rise to suspicions that Washington has a nefarious endgame in mind.

(China Daily 03/08/2019 page8)


                             318 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              March 8, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Northeast provinces to improve commerce

BYLINE: Xu Wei and Hou Liqiang

BODY:

Officials from China's northeast provinces have vowed to heighten their efforts
to improve the business environment and further boost the private sector.

Speaking in a panel discussion during the ongoing 13th National People's
Congress, Zhang Qingwei, Party secretary of Heilongjiang province, said the
province will strive for breakthroughs in its business environment and
improvements in the work style of officials this year.

Zhang said during the discussion, which was open to the media, that the province
is faced with problems such as a predominantly heavy industry structure,
sluggish private sector and lack of talent for innovation.

The private sector contributed more than half the province's GDP last year, and
the authorities will boost support for the sector so that it could grow to as
much as two-thirds of GDP in a few years, he said.

Bayanqolu, Party secretary of Jilin province, said the province will endeavor to
build an e-government as part of efforts to improve the business environment.

The development of the e-government will use some of the latest technologies for
innovations, he said. The development of smart manufacturing will be prioritized
in sectors such as auto manufacturing and aerospace, he said.

He noted that Jilin has also stepped up cooperation with leading private
businesses such as Huawei, Alibaba and Tencent, and the province's cross-border
e-commerce has received a boost.

Tang Yijun, governor of Liaoning province, also pledged that provincial
authorities will strive to promote one-stop government services and streamline
approvals to improve the business environment.

To further shore up economic growth, both Heilongjiang and Jilin provinces have
vowed to make greater strides to boost tourism. Wang Wentao, Heilongjiang's
governor, said new high-speed railways, better roads and more hotels will be
built in the province, and the government will step up its oversight of
businesses overcharging tourists.

The government will also introduce a special fund from which tourists can claim
their losses immediately after finding they've been overcharged, he said, adding
that the compensation will be delivered even before government investigations
start.

Jing Junhai, governor of Jilin, said tourism at Chagan Lake expanded fivefold
during the National Day holiday period last year, and tourism revenues are up by
22 percent since the start of winter.

The three northeastern provinces saw economic growth pick up last year,
shrugging off the less rosy outlook of previous years.

Last year, GDP in Liaoning rose 5.7 percent, 4.5 percent in Jilin and 5.7
percent in Heilongjiang, according to government reports.

Contact the writers at xuwei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 03/08/2019 page3)


                             319 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              March 8, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Guizhou's efforts to improve lives paying off

BYLINE: Wang Zhuoqiong and Yang Jun

BODY:

Luo Yinghe, a National People's Congress deputy and Party secretary of Xinmin
neighborhood in Huishui county, Guizhou province, used to live in village with
no access to clean water, roads or the internet.

His hometown is located in one of the most remote mountainous regions in the
province. "We had to walk miles and miles over mountains just to buy some daily
groceries," Luo said.

In 2016, Luo and 4,685 villagers from 58 villages moved to their new apartment
buildings in an economic development zone in Huishui.

On the opening day of the Guizhou delegation meeting during the second session
of the 13th NPC in Beijing on Tuesday, Luo said their lives have been greatly
improved thanks to the relocation projects.

Luo said about 2,156 relocated people have landed jobs at 263 enterprises in the
zone and another 169 households have launched their own businesses.

In June, a new primary school and kindergarten for the relocated community in
Huishui was opened, with an investment of 120 million yuan ($17.88 million) and
capacity for 1,900 students.

Luo said that last year, the average per capita income reached 4,800 yuan. The
number of private vehicles increased to 380 from 120 in 2017.

The province, ranked first in the number of people being lifted out of poverty,
has completed relocation of 1.32 million people so far, said Sun Zhigang, Party
secretary of the Guizhou provincial committee at the meeting open to reporters.

"This year, Guizhou aims to relocate another 560,000 residents in order to reach
the target of 1.88 million people," said Sun. The priority is to help the new
community residents enjoy a stable life and improve their incomes, he added.

The province's target in 2019 is to pull another 1.1 million people out of
poverty, said Sun.

Meanwhile, the province's governor said that Guizhou has China's first big data
pilot zone, and it has already adopted big data in lifting more people out of
poverty.

Guizhou has attracted many internet giants including Huawei, Tencent, Alibaba
and Apple to establish cloud computing and big data centers.

The province has employed big data technology to poverty alleviation and set up
a platform to support accurate poverty reduction by mixing data and rural
industry reforms, said Shen Yiqin, governor of Guizhou.

"We sell top-notch agricultural products from mountainous regions to the global
market through the digital economy and big data technology," said Shen.

By promoting the cultivation of high-yield corn in villages in the province, the
province has provided 6.67 million mu (445,133 hectares) of corn to the market.

Furthermore, the province has developed the country's first rural intellectual
transportation scheduling system to help rural residents commute and deliver
small packages.

Contact the writers at wangzhuoqiong@chinadaily.com.cn

Miao ethnic group deputy Shi Liping (center right) talks with Sui ethnic group
deputy Song Shuixian (center left) at a meeting for Guizhou province at the
ongoing session of the National People's Congress, which was open to reporters
in Beijing on Thursday.Feng Yongbin / China Daily

(China Daily 03/08/2019 page5)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/10/155200613764.jpg

00221917e13e1debf2391a.jpg


                             320 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              March 8, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Huawei sues US government over ban

BYLINE: Ma Si and Ouyang Shijia

BODY:

Chinese tech giant Huawei Technologies Co is suing the United States government
over a ban that bars federal agencies from using its products, marking arguably
its biggest push to seek "fair treatment" in one of the world's largest telecom
markets, analysts said.

They said the move signals that Huawei is resorting to US laws to safeguard its
legitimate interests, after the US government called it a security threat
without giving the company a chance for due process.

Guo Ping, Huawei's rotating chairman, said on Thursday at a news conference in
Shenzhen, Guangdong province, that "the US Congress has repeatedly failed to
produce any evidence to support its restrictions on Huawei products. We are
compelled to take this legal action as a proper and last resort."

Huawei filed the lawsuit in a federal court in Texas to target a US statute that
banned federal agencies and their contractors from using Huawei's equipment or
services. Huawei argued in the suit that it is unconstitutional to single out a
person or a group for penalty without a fair trial.

"This ban not only is unlawful, but also restricts Huawei from engaging in fair
competition, ultimately harming US consumers. We look forward to the court's
verdict and trust that it will benefit both Huawei and the American people," Guo
said.

He said that if the law is set aside, Huawei can bring more advanced
technologies to the US and help it build the best 5G network, and the company is
willing to address the US government's security concerns.

Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said on Thursday that it is fully
understandable for an enterprise to protect its legitimate interests through
legal means.

Huawei is a key player in introducing the next-generation 5G network
technologies and a leading smartphone brand that rivals US companies such as
Apple.

Jia Mo, an analyst from global market research company Canalys, said: "Huawei
wants to get fair treatment and prove its innocence via US laws. It is the
company's latest push to undermine Washington's attempts to discourage other
countries from using the company's products."

Huawei is not the first Chinese company to sue the US government. In 2015, an
affiliate of Chinese machinery manufacturer Sany settled a lawsuit with the US
government, which had forbidden its wind farm projects in Oregon on national
security grounds.

Peng Jun, senior partner at Beijing-based Jincheng Tongda & Neal law firm, said
that considering Sany's case as a reference, Huawei is making a strategic move
by filing a suit regarding lack of due process, which Peng said makes it
relatively easy to win the support of a court.

"Any rational company will not simply seek to sue someone ... especially such a
powerful (entity as) the US government. The move is part of Huawei's overall
strategy to negotiate with the US," Peng said.

Contact the writers at masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 03/08/2019 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/8/155200614326.jpg

00221917e13e1debf03e11.jpg


                             321 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             March 7, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Friendly relations foundation for healthy bilateral trade

BODY:

Canada's largest agribusiness Richardson International has had its license to
ship canola to China revoked, after imports from Canada were found to be
contaminated with hazardous pests.

Canada exported more than $3.75 billion worth of canola last year, with China
receiving almost half the shipments. The revocation of the company's permit
hurts not only Richardson but also the entire value chain of industries involved
in the market.

China has explained that the move is to protect the health and safety of Chinese
citizens. However, the action has been interpreted by some as a retaliatory move
against the Canadian authorities announcing last week that extradition
proceedings would proceed against Meng Wanzhou, chief financial officer of
Chinese telecommunications company Huawei.

Relations between China and Canada have become increasingly fraught since Meng
was arrested at Vancouver International Airport on Dec 1 at the request of the
United States. And China's holding of the former Canadian diplomat Michael
Kovrig and Canadian businessman Michael Spavo on spying charges has already been
viewed in the West as a retaliatory move by China. It is no surprise therefore
that China's latest move is being perceived in the same light.

However one chooses to interpret it, there should be no denying that Ottawa's
attempt to ingratiate itself with Washington is out of order.

Although the Canadian government claims it has no choice in the matter, the
current scandal it is embroiled in shows it is not averse to meddling in legal
matters if it believes there is political capital to be made. Canada's former
attorney general says Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and senior members of his
government inappropriately tried to pressure her to avoid prosecution of a major
Canadian engineering company that is a big employer in the country.

Even after Meng was detained and was out on bail, Canada could still have chosen
not to proceed with the extradition process. The fact that the US president said
that he could intervene if it helped secure a beneficial trade deal with China
exposes the true nature of the case.

Clearly the Canadian government has judged the benefits of doffing its cap to
Washington weigh more in the balance than apt behavior. It is ridiculous for it
to claim judicial independence as an excuse for a politically motivated
prosecution of Meng.

If Ottawa chooses not to reflect on its behavior, its relations with China will
continue to deteriorate without need of further cause. China will naturally
choose to do business with those who demonstrate they want friendly relations.

(China Daily 03/07/2019 page8)


                             322 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            March 6, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: iRobot to expand Guangzhou unit

BYLINE: Wang Ying in Shanghai

BODY:

US-based consumer robot maker iRobot is planning to expand its research and
development center in Guangzhou to tap opportunities arising from the recently
unveiled Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area plan, according to a top
company official.

US-based firm eyes more growth opportunities from new Greater Bay Area plan

US-based consumer robot maker iRobot is planning to expand its research and
development center in Guangzhou to tap opportunities arising from the recently
unveiled Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area plan, according to a top
company official.

"We are certainly aware of the Great Bay plan and certainly part of it now. We
look forward to seeing this project develop. I think it will improve the
education levels and attract more technology-minded employees to that area. That
makes it easier for us to find talent," said Colin Angle, chairman, CEO and
co-founder of iRobot.

In early 2018, iRobot established its R&D center in Guangzhou in Guangdong
province, as one of its three global R&D centers. The other two are located in
Bedford, which is the company's headquarters, and Pasadena, California.

"We think there's a great opportunity to do more," said Angle.

After establishing its technology foundation 29 years ago, the vacuum robot
maker has introduced many new inventions to stay competitive in the robot
industry.

Angle said Chinese robot companies are quite good, and China has made a focus on
robots. "I think they have made a lot of progress in the last few years, and
there are many China brands in the market today."

"There are more good companies that are pushing what is possible forward. So,
our response is to invest more money in research and development ... We're the
company that makes the largest R&D investment in home robots and we will
increase that this year to ensure we stay ahead."

Last year, iRobot spent $140 million on research and development, which is about
13 percent of the company's 2018 revenue. The company's revenue crossed the $1
billion mark last year.

Quite a few companies, including traditional electric appliance makers like
Haier and Midea, smartphone makers like Apple and Huawei, and internet companies
like Amazon and Google, have stepped up the development of smart home products
and applications.

However, despite the efforts made by various companies, the smart home market is
still fragmented, according to Mintel China research.

"Take the top three categories with the highest homeownership in China, smart
audio devices, smart air conditioners or smart fans, and sweeping robots, each
of them has a comparatively low penetration among Chinese consumers," said Alina
Ma, research director of Mintel China, a consultancy firm.

The smart home sector has a large and wide span across a broad range of
industries, including property, furniture, hardware, telecommunications and home
appliances. It contains lucrative opportunities, said Xiao Fei, an industrial
analyst with research firm Analysys.

According to Xiao, China's smart home market surpassed 100 billion yuan ($14.9
billion) in 2017, and expanded to 150 billion yuan in 2018, and is set to reach
350 billion yuan by 2020.

Angle believes iRobot is now becoming more central for smart homes because their
robots not only play an important role in providing utility services but also
collate information on the house and the smart solutions it requires. "Our role
in this ecosystem is becoming more important every day."

iRobot has a 65 percent share globally excluding China and is a global leader in
the market for vacuum robots priced above $200.

"We see an opportunity to grow our market share in China, especially in the
high-end segment. Our team in China has been working to optimize our market
strategies," said Angle.

"China is the largest (market), but not for iRobot... We believe we're on the
right growth path now. China will be our largest market."

According to data from market researcher and consulting company GfK, there were
4.31 million vacuum robots sold in China in 2018, and their total sales revenue
was 6.47 billion yuan. GfK projected China's vacuum robots market to reach 5.16
million units, or 8.45 billion yuan, in 2019.

"Compared to Western consumers, the Chinese are more willing to accept
intelligent home facilities, which will absolutely help the development of smart
home in China," said Ma from Mintel.

wang_ying@chinadaily.com.cn

Visitors check out iRobot products during a recent exhibition in Washington.
Provided to China Daily

(China Daily 03/06/2019 page17)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/12/155183332944.jpg

a41f726b05111de950e918.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/17/155183332968.jpg

a41f726b05111de950ee19.jpg


                             323 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             March 5, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Telecom firms seek fair competition, cooperation

BODY:

BARCELONA - From automated cars to remote surgeries, futuristic scenarios have
been pictured in the just-ended 2019 Mobile World Congress (MWC) where 5G
technology is in the spotlight.

MWC to promote innovation and business upgrade of tech sector

BARCELONA - From automated cars to remote surgeries, futuristic scenarios have
been pictured in the just-ended 2019 Mobile World Congress (MWC) where 5G
technology is in the spotlight.

To make changes happen, digital infrastructure, namely 5G network construction
in the next phase, is essential to enable a super fast internet that connects
everything from everywhere.

In the construction process, fair competition as well as robust cooperation
among mobile operators worldwide are critical to making the vision into reality,
experts said.

Competition key to boosting innovation

By 2025, mobile operators are expected to invest between 300 billion euros and
500 billion euros ($341.67 billion and $569.46 billion) on the rollout of 5G
across Europe, and as an industry will create over 4 percent of the entire
economic output, according to GSMA, an organization representing over 750
operators in the mobile ecosystem.

"Actions that disrupt the equipment supply for the various segments of the
network (access, transport and core) will increase costs to European operators,
businesses and citizens; delay 5G deployment by years across Europe," said GSMA
in a statement shortly before the MWC.

In essence, GSMA is calling for more, not fewer, industry players to be allowed
in the bidding process and help build infrastructure.

"Competition among equipment vendors has been a major driver of innovation;
limiting or stalling the deployment of 5G or requiring changes to existing 4G
infrastructure, risks leaving European consumers and businesses behind; and
investment and innovation will move to those countries where 5G is happening
first and fastest, impacting jobs and growth," it said.

China's Huawei, Sweden's Ericsson and Finland's Nokia are the three biggest
suppliers of telecommunications equipment, while China's ZTE and South Korea's
Samsung have smaller market share, according to research firm Dell'Oro Group.

"If we concentrate it down to two players, I think that's an unhealthy position
not just for us as an industry but also for national infrastructure in the
country," said Nick Read, CEO of Vodafone, one of the world's largest mobile
operators.

No evidence of wrongdoing

Discussions on inclusive competition are highlighted here because of the recent
US attempts to drive Huawei, a leading privately held company in 5G network
construction, out of the market, despite the lack of evidence of Huawei's
alleged wrongdoing to its customers.

"Like everyone else in the industry, I'm monitoring the findings of those
investigations. Many service providers have told me several times they have
never found anything wrong," Stephane Teral, executive director of research and
analysis and an adviser for Mobile Infrastructure and Carrier Economics at IHS
Markit, told Xinhua while attending the MWC.

Robert Hannigan, former head of Britain's Government Communications
Headquarters, wrote earlier last month in the Financial Times that "assertions
that any Chinese technology in any part of a 5G network represents an
unacceptable risk are nonsense."

On Feb 20, Ciaran Martin, head of Britain's National Cyber Security Center, said
in Brussels that oversight of Huawei is functioning and even problems identified
with Huawei do not indicate any hostility.

"As we said then, and repeat today, these problems are about standards of
cybersecurity; they are not indicators of hostile activity by China," Martin
said.

"The apparent decision by the UK to proceed with Huawei, if confirmed, is a
very, very big deal," Jeffrey D. Sachs, a world-renowned economist at Columbia
University, told Xinhua.

"It would have an enormous effect around the world in pushing back against the
US attempt to isolate Huawei," Sachs said.

Cooperation beneficial

Back in China, Ericsson and Nokia, Huawei's two largest foreign competitors,
have maintained cooperation with Chinese companies.

On Tuesday, Ericsson announced a 5G smart harbor at the Port of Qingdao with
China Unicom, one of China's major mobile operators. The company is particularly
strong in mobile communications in China, with nearly half the market for mobile
systems.

In November 2018, Nokia announced three separate frame agreements worth a
combined value of more than 2 billion euros with China Mobile, China Telecom and
China Unicom, all State-owned companies.

A multi-partner presence is also a valued approach for the city of Moscow,
Andrey Belozerov, a senior adviser to the Chief Information Officer of Moscow
City Government, told Xinhua.

"We work with different companies, including Huawei. We do not have any fear in
relation to one company or another. When selecting partners, we evaluate quality
and reliability of the products they produce and services they provide,"
Belozerov said.

"We believe that international cooperation in the sphere of developing new
expensive technologies is necessary and extremely beneficial," he said.

Xinhua

A visitor wears a 5G-network enabled virtual reality device at Huawei's booth
during the 2019 Mobile World Congress, which ended on Feb 28 in Barcelona,
Spain. Guo Qiuda / Xinhua

(China Daily 03/05/2019 page16)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/86/155174690145.jpg

a41f726b05111de7fa0613.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/40/155174690170.jpg

a41f726b05111de7f9f412.jpg


                             324 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             March 5, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Samsung eyes high-tech to regain lost glory

BYLINE: Fan Feifei

BODY:

Samsung Electronics Co Ltd is planning to introduce the internet of things and
artificial intelligence technologies, as well as fifth-generation wireless
communication equipment, to China as the South Korean technology giant aspires
to reclaim lost sales in the world's largest smartphone market in face of
mounting competition from local rivals.

"We have come back to the battlefield with innovative technologies and products.
As the 5G era is approaching, we hope to bring 5G equipment to the Chinese
market as soon as possible," said Kwon Gyehyun, president of Samsung Electronics
China at the launch event of its premium smartphone Galaxy S10 and S10+ in
China.

According to Kwon, Samsung has already provided 5G terminal devices to the
countries that have finished establishing 5G networks and infrastructure.

He also showed off the first consumer-ready foldable smartphone, which was
unveiled at the company's annual Unpacked event in San Francisco in late
February. "The foldable smartphone will be available in the Chinese market very
soon," Kwon said, without disclosing the shipment date and price.

Kwon said the Galaxy Fold, which serves as a tablet when fully opened and
becomes a phone when closed, has created a brand new route for the whole
industry. He said Samsung would introduce the most cutting-edge technologies and
state-of-the-art products to China without reservation this year.

He said that in order to gain more market share in China's cutthroat smartphone
sector, Samsung has adjusted its strategy, expanding sales channels, improving
consumers' shopping experiences and designing tailor-made products and marketing
strategies in accordance with local consumer demand.

Industry insiders say the tech heavyweight has faced pressure from local
competitors offering reasonably priced smartphones, and has revealed its
ambitions to win back the Chinese market through new technologies and products.

IDC also forecast that the total 5G and 5G-related network infrastructure market
will grow from about $528 million in 2018 to $26 billion in 2022 at a compound
annual growth rate of 118 percent.

Last week, Chinese tech heavyweight Huawei Technologies Co Ltd unveiled its
first 5G foldable smartphone Mate X during the Mobile World Congress 2019 in
Barcelona, Spain, breaking the price ceiling at $2,600.

The main difference between the Samsung Galaxy Fold and the Huawei Mate X
foldable phone is that Samsung's display folds inward, while Huawei's folds
outward.

"The steep price might hinder the popularity of foldable smartphones, and such
gadgets will be accepted by more consumers should the price be set in a range
from 9,000 yuan ($1,342) to 10,000 yuan," said James Yan, research director at
Counterpoint Technology Market Research.

Despite being the world's biggest smartphone maker, Samsung's sales are close to
negligible in China. According to market consultancy Strategy Analytics, in the
second quarter of last year, Samsung sales made up less than 1 percent of the
Chinese market.

Statistics from market research firm International Data Corp showed that Huawei
continued to lead China's smartphone market during the fourth quarter of last
year, with a 29 percent market share, followed by Oppo and Vivo. However,
Samsung is losing most ground on midrange and cheaper smartphones.

"The shipment of Samsung's smartphone is limited in China. The company is losing
ground to Chinese rivals, such as Huawei and Xiaomi, not only in the domestic
market, but also in Southeast Asia and European countries," said Jia Mo, a
research analyst with technology consultancy Canalys.

Kwon said in an earlier interview that Samsung attaches huge importance to the
Chinese market and will intensify its efforts in sports marketing and
localization in China. In December, the company deepened cooperation with
Chinese commercial giant Suning Holdings Group in both its online and offline
retail channels.

fanfeifei@chinadaily.com.cn

A visitor checks out Samsung phones at the company's booth during the Mobile
World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, on Feb 27. Reuters

(China Daily 03/05/2019 page17)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/24/155174690187.jpg

a41f726b05111de7fa4818.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/37/155174690209.jpg

a41f726b05111de7fa4d19.jpg


                             325 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             March 5, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Sino-US clash 'won't get you anywhere'

BYLINE: Mo Jingxi

BODY:

A confrontational China-US relationship does not benefit anyone because the
interests of the two countries are deeply interwoven, Zhang Yesui, spokesman for
the annual session of the National People's Congress, said in Beijing on Monday.

Asked at a news conference about Beijing's response to Washington's increasingly
hard-line policy toward China, Zhang said, "It won't get you anywhere to deal
with new problems in the context of globalization with a Cold War mentality."

Zhang, a former vice-minister of foreign affairs, said China has a consistent
and clear policy toward the United States. China is dedicated to having a
relationship based on nonconflict, nonconfrontation, mutual respect and win-win
cooperation, he said, adding that China will also firmly safeguard its
sovereignty, security and development interests.

Differences in history, culture, social systems and development stage are normal
between the two countries, Zhang said, but such differences do not necessarily
need to bring antagonism or confrontation.

"Facts have fully demonstrated that cooperation is the best choice for both
sides," he said.

He also said the China-US trade talks have made substantive progress on many
issues of common concern, and both countries and the international community
have responded in a positive manner.

"We hope the two sides can continue to step up consultation and reach a mutually
beneficial and win-win agreement," he said, calling trade ties mutually
beneficial by nature.

The most important thing now is to honestly implement the important consensus
reached by the leaders of both countries and expand cooperation on the basis of
managing and controlling disputes, thus ensuring that bilateral ties stay on the
right track, Zhang said.

He also responded to some countries' concerns over telecom giant Huawei, saying
that it is neither fair nor ethical for US government officials to play up
so-called security risks associated with Chinese companies and link them to
China's National Intelligence Law. That kind of behavior interrupts economic
activities via political means, violates World Trade Organization rules and
damages fair competition, he said.

mojingxi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 03/05/2019 page3)


                             326 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             March 5, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Why the world will again track China's NPC

BYLINE: Siva Sankar

BODY:

The second annual session of China's 13th National People's Congress comes at a
testing time. National-level institutions like governments and parliaments
across the world appear increasingly dwarfed by transnational and international
bodies on one hand, and upstaged by global-scale, technology-rich,
advertisement-and PR-boosted multinational corporations on the other.

Make no mistake though. The whole world will likely track the NPC session, just
as it tracked similar proceedings in the past. Why? "It's the economy, stupid."

With a GDP of $13.4 trillion last year, China remains the world's second-largest
economy, trailing behind the United States' $20.5 trillion. It is also on its
way to the world's economic pinnacle.

However, its economic growth has been slowing, causing concern everywhere. Its
growth rate of 6.6 percent last year was the slowest since 1990, and down from
6.8 percent in 2017. In a globalized, World Trade Organization-enabled world,
constituent economies have become utterly interlinked and interdependent. If
China sneezes, the rest of the world will catch a cold.

On top of that, there were trade tensions with the US. Elsewhere, post-Brexit
uncertainty has been roiling the world's markets. Meanwhile, China's hitherto
floundering economic competitors have been trying to pull up their socks and get
their act together.

On the parliamentary front, legislatures have done little to enhance their
diminishing standing. In the US, a confrontational approach has marked relations
between Congress and the White House, leading to a government shutdown over
funding for a border wall project.

In the United Kingdom, Parliament has been debilitated by unprecedented
indecisiveness and squabbling over the Brexit deal.

Key economic legislation took ages to be enacted and implemented in India, while
a potentially society-transforming law was amended in less than 48 hours without
in-depth debate or public consultation, raising questions over the efficacy of
what is the world's largest Western-style democracy.

In many countries, the disenchantment of common people with their lives and
political systems has been growing due to widening wealth inequality, crumbling
social and welfare systems, military invasions, economic sanctions, and
immigration issues. Coupled with environmental warnings, such factors have been
stoking a general sense of gloom.

Against this backdrop, it is easy to be dismissive of any parliamentary sittings
in the digital age. Yet, the world will likely track China's 13th NPC with bated
breath. The world's largest parliamentary body, with 2,980 lawmakers, or
deputies, it came into being in March 2018 and will serve till early 2023.

For the global economy to stabilize and grow, peaceful resolution of the
US-China trade dispute for a long-term win-win is important. The NPC session
will reveal whether or not that will come to pass.

China's top legislature is expected to debate and vote on a unified foreign
investment law. Among other things, the law, if enacted, will address key issues
relating to the world's concerns about China's approach to business, trade,
investment and intellectual property like patented or proprietary technology.

The proposed unified foreign investment law will subsume three existing laws
that govern Chinese-foreign joint-equity ventures, non-equity or contractual
joint ventures, and wholly foreign-owned enterprises.

In the current context, the most significant aspect of the draft law is arguably
that all foreign-investment-related parties in China should adopt negotiation as
a means to decide conditions of technological cooperation.

That is to say, neither government departments nor officials will be able to use
administrative means to force technology transfers.

In all, the draft law has 39 articles that discuss aspects like the need to
provide fair and equal treatment to all China-based businesses, regardless of
whether they are foreign or Chinese owned.

There is also a big-ticket reform proposal: even foreign-owned companies could
potentially participate in government procurement.

In the run-up to the session, some NPC Standing Committee members and deputies
have been emphasizing that foreign investment has been key to the economy's
transformation over the last 40 years, a period marked by reform and opening-up.

After reviewing the draft, they pressed for further clarifications or the
inclusion of new chapters on "forced technology transfers", admission reviews
for foreign investment, and fair competition between domestic and foreign
companies.

They have also been underlining that through the proposed law, reform and
opening-up should be deepened, with more foreign investment inflow, protection
of foreign investors' rights and interests, and the fostering of a
business-friendly atmosphere.

Consensus appears to be emerging that the draft law should be urgently adopted
in a transparent manner, so as to demonstrate China's firm resolve to open wider
to the world, and thus help boost foreign investment.

The draft law was circulated to all NPC deputies in advance, and also published
on the NPC website for public feedback.

If the NPC enacts the law this month, the world will heave a collective sigh of
relief and begin to see China in a different and brighter light.

My guess is that given the current situation, Chinese lawmakers will seize the
day and unanimously vote for the unified foreign investment law.

However, this will not be the only reason why China's top legislature will
distinguish itself this month. Of late, the world has been overcome by an
insatiable interest in all things Chinese.

Many economically thwarted parts of the world look to a resurgent China as a
possible role model. The NPC, it appears, is aware that its performance will
come under intense scrutiny.

In relative terms, its performance has been stellar. It has shown the world how
a national parliament can be nimble and swift in its responses to developing
situations.

For instance, in an unprecedented move, the NPC advanced its approval by several
months for local governments to borrow via bonds in January, so that the latter
could focus on financing infrastructure projects, and thereby minimize the
impact of downward pressure exerted by a slowing economy.

Media reports suggest the 13th NPC has so far enacted eight new laws, amended 47
laws and adopted nine decisions relating to legal matters and other major
issues.

It has also heard and reviewed 23 work reports, conducted three special
inquiries, reviewed the implementation of six laws, ratified four international
treaties and carried out special research five times.

Over and above regular domestic legislative business, NPC deputies have been
involved in parliamentary exchanges with their counterparts all over the world,
including the leaders of parliamentary chambers and heads of state.

The NPC has also been proactively championing or supporting nation-building
measures, and will look back on the Year of the Dog with some satisfaction.

That is because it was marked by many achievements: a successful space mission
to the dark side of the moon; massive infrastructure projects like the sea
bridge connecting the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong and Macao; China's first
international import expo; the growth of the Xiongan New Area; stock connects;
fresh breakthroughs in innovation and high-tech like 5G and the BeiDou-3 global
navigation system; and capital market reform that attracted reputable credit
rating agencies and indexes to China.

Viewed against these achievements, the economic slowdown, US-China tariff row,
security concerns over Huawei's 5G equipment, and questionable human gene
editing appear challenges that need to be tackled. I am confident that given its
record, the NPC will contribute toward that end.

Contact the writer at siva@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 03/05/2019 page6)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/22/155174690685.jpg

00221917e13e1de7fa2a13.jpg


                             327 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              March 4, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Belarus, a gateway to Europe

BYLINE: Chen Meiling

BODY:

Some of the expanding Chinese companies have made Belarus their gateway to the
broader European market. And making this possible is the Great Stone Industrial
Park in Belarusian capital Minsk, which is enhancing cooperation between the two
countries, industry insiders said.

Chinese companies tap an industrial park in Minsk to expand overseas

Some of the expanding Chinese companies have made Belarus their gateway to the
broader European market. And making this possible is the Great Stone Industrial
Park in Belarusian capital Minsk, which is enhancing cooperation between the two
countries, industry insiders said.

Also known as the China-Belarus Industrial Park, it is the largest
China-invested overseas economic and trade park. It is also Belarus' largest
China-invested project.

A transportation hub on the Silk Road Economic Belt, the park acts as a portal
to companies in Asia seeking to enter the European Union market, which boasts a
population of 500 million.

By now, 43 companies have set up shops in the park and made a committed
investment of $1 billion across industries such as telecommunications,
pharmaceuticals, chemicals, engineering, e-commerce, big data storage and
chemical processing.

Besides a central and convenient location, the park offers income tax exemption
for up to 10 years, and zero property and land tax.

So far, it has attracted 26 Chinese companies, including China Merchants Group,
Huawei, Weichai Group, Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co.

"Belarus is located in Central Europe, which can help bring our products to the
large European market," said Du Xiaofeng, vice-president of Chengdu Xinzhu Road
and Bridge Machinery Co Ltd, one of the first to settle in the park back in
2015.

The company has equipped 20 buses in Minsk with its super capacitors, a new
energy-storing device that can support the buses to run 20 to 30 kilometers
after charging for about six minutes, according to Du.

Such products brought the first super capacitors-fueled buses to the country, he
said, adding the business is expanding to surrounding countries, such as Russia
and Serbia.

Annual production of super capacitors of Chengdu Xinzhu in the park is about 1
million units, to serve 300 new energy-fueled buses. Output value is expected to
surpass $35 million every year, which can further bring job opportunities and
tax revenue to the local market, the company said.

In November, Weichai Group, an automobile and equipment manufacturing group,
announced its diesel engine factory in the park began operations, with annual
production of 20,000 units.

The diesel engines will be used in trucks, cars, engineering machinery and
agricultural equipment.

"By setting up a plant in Belarus, the company is able to access the Eurasian
Economic Union market," said Hu Haihua, general manager of Sino-Belarusian
engine manufacturer MAZ-Weichai, in a previous interview with China Daily.

The products will be sold in Belarus and nearby countries such as Russia and
Ukraine. Weichai's sales revenue in Belarus is also expected to grow from $3
million in 2016 to about $10 million in 2018 (data for which is yet to be
finalized), Hu said.

China Merchants Group joined the park in 2015 as a shareholder with an
investment of $500 million to provide logistics services for companies there.

By now, its 34,000 square-meter warehouses have been rented out. Its commercial
center provides space for large-scale conferences. It also cooperates with
Belarus customs to provide clearances, examination and delivery services.

Du Baozhong, general manager of China Merchants Group's China-Belarus Commerce
and Logistics practice, said joining the park was an important step to develop
overseas markets and one way to implement the Belt and Road Initiative.

According to Alexander Yaroshenko, head of the Great Stone Industrial Park
Administration, resident companies are exempted from paying income tax for 10
years from the moment of turning profitable.

From the time tax becomes payable till 2062, the tax rate would be half of
normal. Till the year 2062, they do not have to pay any real estate and land
taxes. The rate of income tax for the park's residents is reduced to 9 percent,
he said.

"The advantageous geographical location and logistics infrastructure development
allow our park to play an important role as a transport hub," he said. "It gives
an opportunity to build a green channel through our country for products,
including those that will be produced in the park, to the EU and EEU markets."

The park expects resident companies to increase to 100 by 2021 with an area of
850 hectares. New jobs will be created for more than 6,500 people. By 2025, a
residential block for 10,000 people will be built, Yaroshenko said.

Xing Yi contributed to this story.

chenmeiling@chinadaily.com.cn

Chinese construction engineers stand in front of the business and trade
logistics park exhibition center at the China-Belarus Industrial Park in Minsk,
capital of Belarus. Xinhua

(China Daily 03/04/2019 page14)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/80/155166046094.jpg

a41f726b05111de6aa550e.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/16/155166046117.jpg

a41f726b05111de6aa590f.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/45/155166046142.jpg

a41f726b05111de6aa5b10.jpg


                             328 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              March 4, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Benign tech competition best for China, US

BYLINE: Li Yan

BODY:

The United States' policy toward China and its attitude toward Sino-US
scientific and technological cooperation have undergone some significant changes
since last year. As a result, the US now emphasizes "competition", rather than
cooperation in its relations with China.

The US has taken a series of high-profile measures in the field of science and
technology, in order to limit Sino-US scientific and technological cooperation,
personnel exchanges, technology exports, and investment.

For example, the US has launched a smear campaign against Huawei, China's
largest telecommunications equipment maker and the world's leading 5G technology
player, and ordered investigations against Chinese high-tech companies. Also,
the US Congress has passed several bills prohibiting the US military from
procuring the products of Huawei and ZTE, another Chinese telecom company,
forbidding the US government from buying surveillance equipment from Chinese
enterprises and restricting Chinese investment in US high-tech companies.

These US measures have not only had a negative impact on overall China-US
relations but also made competition in the science and technology field a
feature of strategic competition between Beijing and Washington.

However, these measures are in the interest of neither the US nor China, because
no country can ignore global cooperation and rely on its own strength to promote
its scientific and technological progress. Although the US' scientific and
technological capabilities are strong, it is no longer the leader in all
scientific and technological fields. For instance, for its technological
development, the US needs the support of the global industrial chain, global
markets and other countries' research institutions. In fact, the development of
the US' advanced F-35 fighter aircraft relies on extensive international
cooperation.

The global industrial chain established in the field of science and technology
over the past decades has made the countries interdependent, with the countries
using their respective technological advantages to find their own niche in the
global industrial chain. And as a country whose science and technology sector
has developed rapidly over the past few years, China has established a dominant
position in some scientific and technological areas and become a crucial player
in the global industrial chain.

With artificial intelligence (AI) becoming a new front in technological
development, China's huge market and data resources have become invaluable
assets. If the US wants to develop its AI sector, it needs to cooperate with
China. Therefore, the US' moves to try to "decouple China" from the global
industrial chain will not only be difficult, but also greatly hinder its own
technological development.

In the science and technology sector, China and the US must pursue "benign
competition" and become "responsible competitors". As the US has repeatedly
stressed, the term "competition" needs to be understood from a positive
perspective. In the science and technology sector, competition has always
propelled development, provided the competition is benign and positive.

As such, countries promote their scientific and technological development by
upgrading their own technologies through international collaboration, not by
using unethical and unlawful means.

"Malignant competition", which harms the scientific and technological
development of other countries, by restricting international collaboration,
cannot bring about real progress. So China and the US should engage in benign
and positive competition to advance scientific and technological development
through cooperation.

"Benign competition" also means China and the US need to cooperate in key
scientific and technological fields. The "technical decoupling" measures being
used by the US against China have even raised the hackles of some insightful
people in the US. Two scholars of Brookings Institute, for instance, published
an article titled "US-China Relations: In The Age of Artificial Intelligence",
recently, arguing that fencing off the US technology sector from China would
slow new breakthroughs, reduce the competitiveness of US companies, and increase
the cost for American consumers.

They also argued that China and the US are at the forefront of innovations in
the field of AI, and zero-sum framing does a disservice to both. At a time when
AI is becoming increasingly important for the world, China and the US need to
lead its development and give full play to their respective advantages.

Besides, the social and economic problems brought about by AI and the reshaping
of norms that follow will require China and the US to jointly solve the emerging
problems. In short, China and the US need to keep the big picture in mind to
ensure long-term development of AI technology, as that is the best way to go
beyond competition and toward meaningful cooperation.

The author is deputy director of the Institute of American Studies, China
Institutes of Contemporary International Relations. Source: chinausfocus.com The
views don't necessarily represent those of China Daily.

(China Daily 03/04/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/27/155166046357.jpg

00221917e13e1de6ae152e.jpg


                             329 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              March 4, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: The colorful tapestry of democracy at work

BYLINE: John Nicholson

BODY:

As the annual two sessions opens in Beijing, the nation will be treated to a
ritual that has become as perennial and as predictable as the Spring Festival
travel rush.

Because of their ornate, multicolored clothing, many of those in attendance
belonging to China's 55 ethnic minorities will be given a starring, or at least
a co-starring role in the saturated media coverage that the event will attract.

And who could object to that? After all, a splash of color and a touch of
pageantry add a dose of down-to-earth humanity and interest to proceedings that
some might perceive as a little too lofty, dry and garbed in bureaucratic beige.

Another thing you can be certain of as the two sessions begins is the way it
will be depicted in the Western media.

Like an ornithologist looking out for the first migrating birds of spring, my
eyes are keenly peeled for the first use of that "rubber stamp parliament"
cliche beloved by Western journalists when the two sessions season arrives every
year. It may seem benign enough, but it speaks volumes about how China is
sneeringly perceived by many Western politicians and media outlets, not to
mention the public they feed.

Many cannot get their heads around the fact that in this world, democracy comes
in many colors and flavors - and it need not be served with apple pie.

China has rather broad shoulders, of course, and is used to this, but it is
helpful to try to understand what makes the Western mind tick when it comes to
sizing up and dealing with the country.

Take for example the current spat that has the Chinese multinational technology
company Huawei at loggerheads with at least three governments - those of the
United States, Australia and New Zealand. Huawei is being blocked from certain
business activities in these countries, and the line put out is that it is for
"national security reasons".

However, could it be that rather than nefarious motives for "infiltrating" these
countries on the lookout for state secrets, the latest incarnation of the
Chinese boogeyman is motivated by just one thing, and one that is much more
down-to-earth: the desire to make money?

One of the refrains often heard as an explanation for China's economic prowess
is that it has cheated, hacked and stolen its way to success. At the root of
this claim is a nauseating stereotype: "We Westerners are the only ones who can
come up with bright, new ideas, so if the Chinese have anything that looks
faintly innovative, they must have stolen the idea from us."

We are only too accustomed to the quadrennial round of China bashing that has
become a staple of the United States presidential campaign, when candidates,
bereft of much that differentiates themselves from one another, try to outdo
each other on who will "take the hardest line against Beijing".

There has been a lot of hand-wringing in the past year or two about a crisis in
Western democracy. If such a crisis exists, could one reason be that the public
in Western countries have begun to see such demonizing for what it is: a cheap
alternative to coming up with policies that really benefit people?

Doing that demands a serious grassroots commitment to people and a desire to see
them and their families prosper. Over the course of the two sessions this week
and next, thousands of delegates will talk about issues close to their hearts
and eventually produce a series of proposals aimed at carrying the country
forward.

That may all be a little too dry for Western observers who relish the combative
nature of a type of politics that is long on showmanship and short on delivering
results, the latter of which there can be no clearer illustration than the 83
million people in rural China pulled out of poverty over the past six years.

So, forget this nonsense of a rubber stamp and be amazed over the next few days
as you watch this huge exercise in grassroots democracy unfold. And while you're
at it, enjoy that fabulous display of ethnic attire too.

Contact the writer at nicholson@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 03/04/2019 page6)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/5/155166046656.jpg

00221917e13e1de6acac23.jpg


                             330 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              March 3, 2019 Sunday

HEADLINE: Beijing slams Ottawa move in Meng case

BYLINE: Cao Desheng in Beijing and Rena Li in Toronto

BODY:

Beijing expressed "strong dissatisfaction with" and"resolute opposition to"
Ottawa's actions on Saturday in moving forward with the case of Huawei Chief
Financial Officer Meng Wanzhou's extradition to the United States, urging it to
immediately release the Chinese executive.

Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said in a statement on Saturday that the
United States and Canada are abusing their bilateral extradition treaty,
arbitrarily imposing compulsory measures upon a Chinese citizen and violating
her lawful rights and interests.

Calling Meng's case "a serious political issue", Lu said, "We once again urge
the US side to immediately drop its arrest warrant and extradition request for
Ms Meng Wanzhou, and also urge the Canadian side to immediately release her and
allow her to go back to China safely."

Canada's federal Justice Department gave the green light on Friday for an
extradition hearing to proceed against Meng at the request of the US. Meng was
arrested in Vancouver at Washington's request on Dec 1 on charges related to
violating US sanctions against Iran. She has since been released on bail.

The Chinese embassy in Canada issued a statement on the issue on Saturday,
opposing Ottawa's move to allow Meng's extradition case to move forward. The
statement said Meng's case"is not merely a judicial case, but a political
persecution against a hightech Chinese enterprise."

"The subsequent developments have proved this. The so-called 'rule of law' and
'judicial independence' asserted by Canada cannot cover up the mistakes made by
the Canadian side in the case of Meng Wanzhou," the embassy statement said.

Following Friday's announcement, Huawei expressed disappointment over Canada's
approval of the extradition hearing against their CFO, saying, "She is innocent
of any wrongdoing and the US prosecution and extradition constitutes an abuse of
the processes of law."

Canada's Justice Department granted permission for a March 6 hearing on whether
to hand Meng over to US authorities.

Meng will remain out on bail during the proceedings.

Contact the writers at caodesheng@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 03/03/2019 page1)


                             331 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             March 2, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: 5G technology is more than about high speed

BYLINE: Zhou Xin

BODY:

One after another, telecommunications giants such as Huawei, Samsung and
Qualcomm have announced their latest fifth generation (5G) products with
Huawei's Mate X and Samsung's Galaxy Fold attracting most eyeballs.

The telecom giants have also claimed that 5G technology would be used on a
massive scale by 2020, prompting some analysts to say the "5G epoch" is coming.
Yet, when reporting about 5G, many domestic media outlets have described it as a
"much faster" technology than 4G without mentioning any of its other advantages.
As a result, the common public perception about 5G is that they could "download
a high-density movie within one second". Beyond that, most people know nothing
about 5G.

Actually, 5G technology has many more advantages than 4G apart from speed.
According to the criteria of 3GPP, an international standardization
organization, 5G technology can be used for at least three purposes - for
massive machine type of communication, ultra-reliable and low-latency
communication, and enhanced mobile broadband. If these terms sound too
technical, consider them to mean connecting everything, reliability of
connections, and eliminating delays.

"Connecting everything" is an appropriate slogan for 5G technology, without
which the Internet of Things would be impossible. 5G would enable one server to
connect to multiple terminals and thus establish high-speed coordination among
them, and help the chips inside the terminals to timely react to meet people's
needs.

Take for example, autonomous vehicles, which are mature technology products.
Self-driving cars combine a variety of sensors, such as radar, computer vision,
GPS, sonar, odometry and inertial measurement units to identify navigation
paths, and obstacles and relevant signage. 5G technology will link all the
elements of a transportation system, such as traffic lights, close-circuit
television cameras and, of course, cars to establish perfect coordination so
they can avoid obstacles and move on navigation paths, which will help
strengthen self-driving technology.

Reliability of connections is another essential characteristic of 5G technology,
whose use can be extended to other fields where high safety standards are
required. For instance, in certain surgeries, surgeons insert nano-robots inside
a patient's body and have to maintain constant control over the robots to ensure
they perform their functions and do not cause any harm to the patient. This is
an area where 5G technology can be of great help, as it can establish reliable
and continuous connections between the monitor and the nano-robots.

And eliminating delays might come in handy especially in online games. Even long
after 4G technology was introduced, players continued to complain about losing
games because their access speed was very low. This problem can be solved with
5G technology, because it will ensure continuous high speed.

5G technology can also play a major role in non-terrestrial networks, or in
forming networks that can cover every corner of the globe. Even today,
smartphone signals are weak in deserts and oceans due to lack of base stations
there. The 5G network is expected to solve this problem.

And for those people who think that 5G costs will be very high, they need not
worry. True, 5G signals attenuate very quickly in the air so 5G networks need
much larger numbers of base stations than those for 4G, and each of the base
stations costs money. But the cost problem can be solved in two ways.

First, factories can produce more micro base stations - instead of normal base
stations - which not only occupy less space but also cost less. And second, many
more terminals can use a 5G base station compared with a 4G base station. The
higher the number of the terminals using a 5G base station, the lower cost each
of them have to pay. Therefore, rest assured that 5G technology won't be as
costly as you thought.

The author is an associate researcher in telecommunications at the Chinese
Academy of Sciences. The views don't necessarily represent those of China Daily.

(China Daily 03/02/2019 page4)


                             332 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             March 2, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: China objects to Australian FM's comments on banning Huawei

BYLINE: Cao Desheng

BODY:

Beijing expressed serious concerns on Friday over Australian Foreign Minister
Marise Payne's recent remarks about banning Huawei from the 5G
telecommunications network, urging Canberra not to use excuses to place barriers
in the path of Chinese companies.

Speaking at a regular news conference in Beijing, Foreign Ministry Spokesman Lu
Kang said Australia should facilitate cooperation between Chinese and Australian
companies rather than adopting discriminatory measures.

"We urge the Australian side to abandon ideological prejudices and to provide a
business environment of fair competition for Chinese companies," Lu said.

During a visit to London on Wednesday, Payne said Australia will stick to its
guns on banning Huawei from the 5G telecommunications network even if the United
States backs down, according to media reports.

Payne was said to be using her London visit to bring the United Kingdom around
to its side. Britain has resisted following its "Five Eyes" intelligence
partners, including the United States, Australia, New Zealand and Canada.

"We express serious concerns over the remarks from the Australian side," Lu
said, adding that the Chinese government has been encouraging domestic companies
to develop international economic cooperation on the basis of international
rules and the laws of the countries where they operate.

The Chinese government has never supported any company in conducting activities
that undermine the security interests of other countries, he said.

Lu also brushed off media reports that China's inspections of imported coal
starting last month target Australia. Reports had linked the move to tense
relations between China and Australia, saying the inspections were retaliation
for Australia's ban of Huawei from its 5G telecommunications network.

He said Chinese customs authorities assess the safety and quality of imported
coal, monitor and analyze possible risks and conduct other examinations and
inspections that comply with laws and regulations.

caodesheng@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 03/02/2019 page3)


                             333 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             March 2, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: 5G technology is more than about high speed

BYLINE: Zhou Xin

BODY:

One after another, telecommunications giants such as Huawei, Samsung and
Qualcomm have announced their latest fifth generation (5G) products with
Huawei's Mate X and Samsung's Galaxy Fold attracting most eyeballs.

The telecom giants have also claimed that 5G technology would be used on a
massive scale by 2020, prompting some analysts to say the "5G epoch" is coming.
Yet, when reporting about 5G, many domestic media outlets have described it as a
"much faster" technology than 4G without mentioning any of its other advantages.
As a result, the common public perception about 5G is that they could "download
a high-density movie within one second". Beyond that, most people know nothing
about 5G.

Actually, 5G technology has many more advantages than 4G apart from speed.
According to the criteria of 3GPP, an international standardization
organization, 5G technology can be used for at least three purposes - for
massive machine type of communication, ultra-reliable and low-latency
communication, and enhanced mobile broadband. If these terms sound too
technical, consider them to mean connecting everything, reliability of
connections, and eliminating delays.

"Connecting everything" is an appropriate slogan for 5G technology, without
which the Internet of Things would be impossible. 5G would enable one server to
connect to multiple terminals and thus establish high-speed coordination among
them, and help the chips inside the terminals to timely react to meet people's
needs.

Take for example, autonomous vehicles, which are mature technology products.
Self-driving cars combine a variety of sensors, such as radar, computer vision,
GPS, sonar, odometry and inertial measurement units to identify navigation
paths, and obstacles and relevant signage. 5G technology will link all the
elements of a transportation system, such as traffic lights, close-circuit
television cameras and, of course, cars to establish perfect coordination so
they can avoid obstacles and move on navigation paths, which will help
strengthen self-driving technology.

Reliability of connections is another essential characteristic of 5G technology,
whose use can be extended to other fields where high safety standards are
required. For instance, in certain surgeries, surgeons insert nano-robots inside
a patient's body and have to maintain constant control over the robots to ensure
they perform their functions and do not cause any harm to the patient. This is
an area where 5G technology can be of great help, as it can establish reliable
and continuous connections between the monitor and the nano-robots.

And eliminating delays might come in handy especially in online games. Even long
after 4G technology was introduced, players continued to complain about losing
games because their access speed was very low. This problem can be solved with
5G technology, because it will ensure continuous high speed.

5G technology can also play a major role in non-terrestrial networks, or in
forming networks that can cover every corner of the globe. Even today,
smartphone signals are weak in deserts and oceans due to lack of base stations
there. The 5G network is expected to solve this problem.

And for those people who think that 5G costs will be very high, they need not
worry. True, 5G signals attenuate very quickly in the air so 5G networks need
much larger numbers of base stations than those for 4G, and each of the base
stations costs money. But the cost problem can be solved in two ways.

First, factories can produce more micro base stations - instead of normal base
stations - which not only occupy less space but also cost less. And second, many
more terminals can use a 5G base station compared with a 4G base station. The
higher the number of the terminals using a 5G base station, the lower cost each
of them have to pay. Therefore, rest assured that 5G technology won't be as
costly as you thought.

The author is an associate researcher in telecommunications at the Chinese
Academy of Sciences. The views don't necessarily represent those of China Daily.

(China Daily 03/02/2019 page4)


                             334 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              March 1, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Washington's smear campaign against Huawei doomed to fail

BYLINE: Chen Weihua

BODY:

US President Donald Trump said last week that he wants the United States to
become a technology leader through open and fair competition rather than by
blocking others of their "currently more advanced technologies." The message
came as a surprise because US officials have been busy waging an aggressive
smear campaign against Huawei, Chinese telecommunications equipment maker and
the world's leading 5G technology player.

In the week leading to Trump's speech, US Vice-President Mike Pence and
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo went from Warsaw to Munich to Brussels to
pressure Europeans to ban Huawei from their 5G networks or face US "punishment".

Many expected Trump's words to put an end to the smear campaign, but they have
proven ineffective. Major European countries have come out one after another,
saying they will make their own decisions, and some have already refused to
impose a total ban on Huawei as ordered by Washington.

However, the US State Department has ignored Trump's remark that Washington does
not seek to artificially block any companies in 5G. At the Mobile World Congress
in Barcelona which opened on Monday, US State Department ambassador for cyber
and international communications Robert Strayer continued to portray Huawei as a
national security threat, without providing any evidence.

The logic for Strayer and other US officials seems to be that Huawei is guilty
until proven innocent, a violation of the legal principle that has been held
dear by the international community, including under the UN's Universal
Declaration of Human Rights. That is why Vodafone CEO Nick Read, who operates
the biggest mobile carrier in the Western world, questioned the unsubstantiated
allegation by the US. Read not only warned that removing Huawei equipment would
be "hugely disruptive" to 5G rollouts, but also said that he prefers to make
sure "we have a fact-based conversation".

Read was not alone. I sought the views on Tuesday of Clemens Fuest, a prominent
German economist, who also challenged the logic of assuming that a company poses
a security threat simply because it is based in China.

While the US has been making all kinds of speculative allegations against
Chinese telecom companies, Huawei's rotating chairman Guo Ping shed light on
Wednesday by calling out the US as the true threat to cybersecurity.

In an article in the Financial Times, Guo said that if the US National Security
Agency wants to modify routers or switches in order to eavesdrop, a Chinese
company will be unlikely to cooperate. He cited a leaked NSA document which said
NSA wanted "to make sure that we know how to exploit these (Huawei) products".
Guo argued that Huawei "hampers US efforts to spy on whomever it wants,"
emphasizing that "Huawei has not (planted) and will never plant backdoors".

In a 2014 article, the German news magazine Spiegel, too, had revealed that the
NSA made considerable efforts to spy on Chinese politicians and companies, with
Huawei being a major target.

The current episode reminds people of five years ago when the US, then led by
president Barack Obama, lobbied its European allies to not join the Asian
Infrastructure Investment Bank, by questioning the AIIB's governance and
environmental standards. However, major US allies from Europe to Asia, such as
the United Kingdom, Australia and the Republic of Korea, all defied the US and
became the founding members of the AIIB.

That seems to be increasingly the case as more countries from Europe to Asia to
Africa to Latin America defy the US and embrace Huawei's 5G technology, a
technology that is a product of global cooperation.

The author is chief of China Daily EU Bureau based in Brussels.

chenweihua@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 03/01/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/72/155140153080.jpg

00221917e13e1de2ba0723.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/24/155140153100.jpg

00221917e13e1de2ba0c24.jpg


                             335 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              March 1, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Rising China provides EU opportunities

BYLINE: Chen Weihua in Brussels

BODY:

Europe should further seize the opportunities of a rising China to boost its
economic growth in a fast-changing world, according to a report by a group of
leading European economists.

Economists see the US as unreliable trading partner in a fast-changing world

Europe should further seize the opportunities of a rising China to boost its
economic growth in a fast-changing world, according to a report by a group of
leading European economists.

The report by the European Economic Advisory Group warned of the internal
struggle among European Union member states over the growing divergence in both
economic performance and support of common governance structure, such as the
Brexit and rising populism.

The two major developments in the global environment are the shift in US
economic policy toward protectionism and against NATO and the rise of China, the
report said.

The annual report by seven economists said the United States has become an
unreliable trading partner and strategic ally, citing US President Donald
Trump's snub of NATO, US withdrawal from the landmark 2015 Iran nuclear deal,
and the imposition and threat of tariffs on steel, aluminum and automobiles.

"The growth in the Chinese economy has generated new markets for European
exports and sources of imports. China is presenting itself as a defender of
multilateralism and a rules-based international order, while the United States
is retreating into mercantilism, bilateral deals, and tariff wars," the report
said.

Clemens Fuest, president of the Munich-based Ifo Institute for Economic Research
and a lead author of the report, said Europe has been better at seizing the
opportunities of a rising China than the US.

"There is of course competition through Chinese exports to Europe, but there are
also opportunities for Europe through exports to China," he said at the report's
launch event in Brussels on Tuesday.

EU exports to China far exceed US exports to China. The EU is China's largest
trade partner while China is the EU's second-largest trade partner, trailing the
US.

Exaggerated fears

While noting that there needs to be regulation on foreign investment in Europe,
Fuest said the primary objective is not to keep Chinese investment out of
Europe. He added that investment in China by the West is much larger than
Chinese investment to the rest of the world, and three-quarters of Chinese
investment is now in Asia, not Europe.

Fuest said Chinese investment in sectors such as infrastructure is in principle
welcome.

"We think the fear of Chinese investors coming to buy infrastructure is
exaggerated," he said, adding that it reminds people of the fear in the 1980s
about Japanese investment when Japanese investors bought the Rockefeller Center
in New York.

"Overall, we think it is in Europe's interest to attract more Chinese
investment, not less," Fuest said. He believes that the likelihood of political
or trade conflict is smaller if there is more mutual direct investment.

Fuest emphasized the need for Europe to ensure there is reciprocity in trade and
investment with China by using European market power as its leverage.

The plenary session of China's National People's Congress in Beijing next week
is expected to review the draft unified foreign investment law, which addresses
key concerns of some European companies regarding market access, technology
transfer and the protection of intellectual property rights.

Fuest disagreed with the US treatment of China's Huawei Technologies. He said:
"The rules are: If you spy, it gets punished.

"Assuming right away that just because the company is Chinese or state-owned
will not work," said Fuest, also a member of the academic advisory board of the
German Ministry of Finance. Huawei is a private company.

The US has been pressuring its European partners to ban Huawei from their 5G
networks.

Reuters reported on Wednesday that German Chancellor Angela Merkel wants to
agree to a deal with China not to spy on each other, so that Germany does not
have to exclude Huawei on principle from building a 5G network in Germany.

chenweihua@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 03/01/2019 page12)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/85/155140153535.jpg

00221917e13e1de2bab428.jpg


                             336 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              March 1, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Huawei expects to secure 5G contracts in Germany

BYLINE: Cheng Yu and Ma Si

BODY:

Chinese tech giant Huawei Technologies Co has said that it expects to win 5G
network contracts in Germany, which would mark the latest vote of confidence
from foreign telecom carriers despite security allegations the company faces in
some overseas markets.

Huawei is expected to deliver components needed for building 5G networks to
major telecom carriers operating in Germany, namely Deutsche Telekom, Vodafone
and Telefonica, said Vincent Pang, president of Huawei Western Europe, in an
interview with German newspaper Rheinische Post.

A group of telecom operators at this year's Mobile World Congress in Barcelona,
Spain, either confirmed new orders or expressed a willingness to do business
with the world's largest telecom equipment maker.

Commenting on Huawei's growing overseas contracts, Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu
Kang said on Thursday, "Most countries in the world are still able to
independently make choices that are in line with national interests."

At the conference, Etisalat, the largest telecom operator in the United Arab
Emirates, announced a partnership with Huawei to launch a 5G network in the
country by the end of this year.

Rain, South Africa's mobile data-only network operator, also signed a deal with
Huawei to launch the country's first 5G commercial network.

"Mapping out 5G requires a company to have a well-rounded ability to build the
network, such as end-to-end construction," said Xiang Ligang, chairman of the
Information Consumption Alliance.

To put 5G into commercial use, companies should also take efficiency and cost
into consideration, and "Huawei is competitive in all of the above capabilities
and has gained a lead on a global scale".

Nick Read, CEO of Vodafone - the world's second-largest mobile operator - said,
"Cutting the number of network suppliers from three to two would damage the
industry and economic growth."

He said at this year's conference in Spain that barring Huawei "will delay 5G in
Europe by probably two years - it will structurally disadvantage Europe".

Huawei has been steadily increasing its 5G contracts despite alleged security
concerns it faces in some markets, said Wang Yanhui, secretary-general of the
Mobile China Alliance.

The company said at the conference that to date, it has secured over 30 5G
contracts in overseas markets and has signed cooperation deals with more than 50
partners.

Contact the writers at chengyu@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 03/01/2019 page1)


                             337 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              March 1, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Rising China provides EU opportunities

BYLINE: Chen Weihua in Brussels

BODY:

Europe should further seize the opportunities of a rising China to boost its
economic growth in a fast-changing world, according to a report by a group of
leading European economists.

Economists see the US as unreliable trading partner in a fast-changing world

Europe should further seize the opportunities of a rising China to boost its
economic growth in a fast-changing world, according to a report by a group of
leading European economists.

The report by the European Economic Advisory Group warned of the internal
struggle among European Union member states over the growing divergence in both
economic performance and support of common governance structure, such as the
Brexit and rising populism.

The two major developments in the global environment are the shift in US
economic policy toward protectionism and against NATO and the rise of China, the
report said.

The annual report by seven economists said the United States has become an
unreliable trading partner and strategic ally, citing US President Donald
Trump's snub of NATO, US withdrawal from the landmark 2015 Iran nuclear deal,
and the imposition and threat of tariffs on steel, aluminum and automobiles.

"The growth in the Chinese economy has generated new markets for European
exports and sources of imports. China is presenting itself as a defender of
multilateralism and a rules-based international order, while the United States
is retreating into mercantilism, bilateral deals, and tariff wars," the report
said.

Clemens Fuest, president of the Munich-based Ifo Institute for Economic Research
and a lead author of the report, said Europe has been better at seizing the
opportunities of a rising China than the US.

"There is of course competition through Chinese exports to Europe, but there are
also opportunities for Europe through exports to China," he said at the report's
launch event in Brussels on Tuesday.

EU exports to China far exceed US exports to China. The EU is China's largest
trade partner while China is the EU's second-largest trade partner, trailing the
US.

Exaggerated fears

While noting that there needs to be regulation on foreign investment in Europe,
Fuest said the primary objective is not to keep Chinese investment out of
Europe. He added that investment in China by the West is much larger than
Chinese investment to the rest of the world, and three-quarters of Chinese
investment is now in Asia, not Europe.

Fuest said Chinese investment in sectors such as infrastructure is in principle
welcome.

"We think the fear of Chinese investors coming to buy infrastructure is
exaggerated," he said, adding that it reminds people of the fear in the 1980s
about Japanese investment when Japanese investors bought the Rockefeller Center
in New York.

"Overall, we think it is in Europe's interest to attract more Chinese
investment, not less," Fuest said. He believes that the likelihood of political
or trade conflict is smaller if there is more mutual direct investment.

Fuest emphasized the need for Europe to ensure there is reciprocity in trade and
investment with China by using European market power as its leverage.

The plenary session of China's National People's Congress in Beijing next week
is expected to review the draft unified foreign investment law, which addresses
key concerns of some European companies regarding market access, technology
transfer and the protection of intellectual property rights.

Fuest disagreed with the US treatment of China's Huawei Technologies. He said:
"The rules are: If you spy, it gets punished.

"Assuming right away that just because the company is Chinese or state-owned
will not work," said Fuest, also a member of the academic advisory board of the
German Ministry of Finance. Huawei is a private company.

The US has been pressuring its European partners to ban Huawei from their 5G
networks.

Reuters reported on Wednesday that German Chancellor Angela Merkel wants to
agree to a deal with China not to spy on each other, so that Germany does not
have to exclude Huawei on principle from building a 5G network in Germany.


                             338 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                              March 1, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Rising China provides EU opportunities

BYLINE: Chen Weihua in Brussels

BODY:

Europe should further seize the opportunities of a rising China to boost its
economic growth in a fast-changing world, according to a report by a group of
leading European economists.

Economists see the US as unreliable trading partner in a fast-changing world

Europe should further seize the opportunities of a rising China to boost its
economic growth in a fast-changing world, according to a report by a group of
leading European economists.

The report by the European Economic Advisory Group warned of the internal
struggle among European Union member states over the growing divergence in both
economic performance and support of common governance structure, such as the
Brexit and rising populism.

The two major developments in the global environment are the shift in US
economic policy toward protectionism and against NATO and the rise of China, the
report said.

The annual report by seven economists said the United States has become an
unreliable trading partner and strategic ally, citing US President Donald
Trump's snub of NATO, US withdrawal from the landmark 2015 Iran nuclear deal,
and the imposition and threat of tariffs on steel, aluminum and automobiles.

"The growth in the Chinese economy has generated new markets for European
exports and sources of imports. China is presenting itself as a defender of
multilateralism and a rules-based international order, while the United States
is retreating into mercantilism, bilateral deals, and tariff wars," the report
said.

Clemens Fuest, president of the Munich-based Ifo Institute for Economic Research
and a lead author of the report, said Europe has been better at seizing the
opportunities of a rising China than the US.

"There is of course competition through Chinese exports to Europe, but there are
also opportunities for Europe through exports to China," he said at the report's
launch event in Brussels on Tuesday.

EU exports to China far exceed US exports to China. The EU is China's largest
trade partner while China is the EU's second-largest trade partner, trailing the
US.

Exaggerated fears

While noting that there needs to be regulation on foreign investment in Europe,
Fuest said the primary objective is not to keep Chinese investment out of
Europe. He added that investment in China by the West is much larger than
Chinese investment to the rest of the world, and three-quarters of Chinese
investment is now in Asia, not Europe.

Fuest said Chinese investment in sectors such as infrastructure is in principle
welcome.

"We think the fear of Chinese investors coming to buy infrastructure is
exaggerated," he said, adding that it reminds people of the fear in the 1980s
about Japanese investment when Japanese investors bought the Rockefeller Center
in New York.

"Overall, we think it is in Europe's interest to attract more Chinese
investment, not less," Fuest said. He believes that the likelihood of political
or trade conflict is smaller if there is more mutual direct investment.

Fuest emphasized the need for Europe to ensure there is reciprocity in trade and
investment with China by using European market power as its leverage.

The plenary session of China's National People's Congress in Beijing next week
is expected to review the draft unified foreign investment law, which addresses
key concerns of some European companies regarding market access, technology
transfer and the protection of intellectual property rights.

Fuest disagreed with the US treatment of China's Huawei Technologies. He said:
"The rules are: If you spy, it gets punished.

"Assuming right away that just because the company is Chinese or state-owned
will not work," said Fuest, also a member of the academic advisory board of the
German Ministry of Finance. Huawei is a private company.

The US has been pressuring its European partners to ban Huawei from their 5G
networks.

Reuters reported on Wednesday that German Chancellor Angela Merkel wants to
agree to a deal with China not to spy on each other, so that Germany does not
have to exclude Huawei on principle from building a 5G network in Germany.

chenweihua@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 03/01/2019 page12)


                             339 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           February 28, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Automakers embrace 5G for smart vehicles

BYLINE: Cheng Yu

BODY:

Chinese automaker Zhejiang Geely Holding Group has announced a major partnership
to put its first 5G and C-V2X-enabled vehicles into mass production by 2021, as
the country's car industry enters the fast lane of intelligent-connected
vehicles with the approach of 5G commercialization.

C-V2X, also known as Cellular Vehicle-To-Everything, is a wireless technology
that enables communication among vehicles, people and traffic infrastructure.

Geely's new vehicles will be made in cooperation with US chip giant Qualcomm Inc
and Chinese internet of things provider Gosuncn Technology Group Co, the company
said at this year's Mobile World Conference in Barcelona, Spain, on Wednesday.

"Such cars will be Geely's first vehicle models with Level 3 autonomous
technology. Also, our future cars will all be built with 5G and C-V2X," said
Shen Ziyu, vice-president of Geely Research Institute.

With the commercialization of superfast 5G just miles away, industry insiders
pointed out that intelligent-connected vehicles will stand at the forefront of
the IoT industry, which is a critical application area of 5G.

According to Liu Shuangguang, chairman of Gosuncn, 5G is an inevitable trend of
the future communications industry while C-V2X, as a special non-line-of-sight
sensor, will become one of the core technologies of autonomous driving.

By applying such technologies, vehicles, be they human-driven or driverless, can
know in real-time what's ahead of them.

Geely added that currently, some of its autonomous models have arrived at Level
2, but with the introduction of these technologies, they will be lifted to Level
3 by the end of 2021.

Level 2 means "hand off" - the automated system takes full control of the
vehicle, but the driver must monitor the driving and be prepared to intervene
immediately at any time.

Level 3 refers to "eyes off" - the vehicle will handle situations which require
an immediate response, and the driver must still be prepared to intervene within
some limited time.

Level 5 is the highest standard, which means no human intervention is required
at all.

Major Chinese vehicle manufacturers are stepping up efforts to promote related
technologies. Traditional carmakers are striving to join hands with tech
companies to accelerate the progress.

Last month, another Chinese vehicle maker Changan Automobile signed a
cooperation deal with Huawei Technologies Co Ltd to establish a joint innovation
center for 5G car networking and C-V2X technology.

The Chinese authorities have paid great attention to intelligent-connected
vehicles and strived to promote the industry to be globally competitive.

The nation plans to have smart cars with partial or fully autonomous functions
accounting for 50 percent of the new vehicles sold in the nation by 2020.

Market consultancy IDC predicted that China will become the world's largest
market for internet of things by 2022, with annual expenditure of $300 billion.

chengyu@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 02/28/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/60/155131487490.jpg

a41f726719b21de1639f0b.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/41/155131487507.jpg

a41f726719b21de163a30c.jpg


                             340 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           February 28, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Guizhou ramps up efforts to become a big data hub

BYLINE: Yang Jun in Guiyang and Chen Meiling in Beijing

BODY:

Guizhou, one of the fastest-growing provinces in Southwest China in terms of GDP
growth, is aiming to become a big data hub, welcoming global investors to
commercialize their emerging technologies, officials said.

Guizhou was once known as a mountainous region with one of the largest poor
populations in China. In 2018, its GDP surpassed 1.48 trillion yuan ($221.3
billion), up 9.1 percent year-on-year, 2.5 percentage points higher than that of
the country as a whole.

The growth rate ranked second among 31 provinces, municipalities and autonomous
regions on the mainland last year. It topped the list in 2017, data from the
National Bureau of Statistics showed.

This change can be attributed in part to the efforts the local government put
into its pillar industry - big data.

Last year, investment poured into big data-related information transmission,
software and information technology services industries grew by 49.7 percent,
local government data showed.

The local government has announced plans to increase the added value of the
digital economy to reach 33 percent of the province's total GDP by 2022.

As China's first big data pilot zone, the province has attracted internet
giants, including Qualcomm, Huawei, Tencent, Alibaba and Apple, to establish
cloud computing and big data centers as well as regional headquarters.

"People used to think traffic in the mountainous region was not convenient and
there were too many rainy days. But the disadvantages have turned out to be
advantages," said Tencent CEO Pony Ma Huateng at the China International Big
Data Industry Expo 2018.

Before the expo, Tencent put its new data center in a cave in Guian New Area,
Guizhou, expected to host 300,000 machine sets.

"The geological location is securely hidden, the temperature is low and it has
sufficient water and power supply. All of these help to reduce energy
consumption," he said, adding that the company will store its important data
there.

In 2019, the provincial capital Guiyang will give more support to big data
projects, according to a document sent from the local government to China Daily.
For example, it will help Dell to build its software service base, Inspur Group
to build a big data industrial park and Huawei to set up a data center, as well
as cooperate with countries such as India and Malaysia for business.

"We will accelerate integration of big data into agricultural, industrial,
service and other industries, and use big data in the transformation and
upgrading of the traditional production, life and social governance mode," said
Zhao Deming, Party secretary of Guiyang, at a news conference held in Beijing on
Monday.

China's big data sector aims to increase its annual sales to 1 trillion yuan by
2020 from an estimated 280 billion yuan in 2015, according to the Ministry of
Industry and Information Technology.

The city is also home to the largest national-level big data themed event.

This year's expo, to be held from May 26 to 29, will focus on the hottest topics
in the industry, including 5G, industrial internet, blockchain, intelligent
manufacturing and application of e-commerce in poverty relief, officials said at
the news conference.

Forty percent of exhibitors are from overseas, including Google, Qualcomm,
Seagate Technology Corp and NTT Data. Paul Romer, co-recipient of the 2018 Nobel
Prize in economics, and Whitfield Diffie, winner of the Turing Award, plan to
attend.

The expo will introduce a guest of honor for the first time, and will invite one
country to showcase its achievements in big data every year.

Chen Yan, mayor of Guiyang, said the expo is an important platform for Guiyang
to open up its economy and promote high-quality development.

"It offers a chance for the world to learn about Chinese markets and demands of
Chinese consumers, as well as the business potential and economic value of
cutting-edge technologies and industries," he said.

The expo is co-organized by the National Development and Reform Commission, the
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the Cyberspace Administration
of China and Guizhou province.

The number of attendees is expected to surpass 100,000.

Contact the writers at yangjun@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 02/28/2019 page14)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/47/155131487606.jpg

a41f726719b21de164410f.jpg


                             341 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           February 28, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Xi'an sets out goals for new year

BYLINE: Yuan Shenggao

BODY:

Xi'an, capital of northwestern Shaanxi province, has vowed to reach new heights
in 2019 with a package of economic and social development goals.

The city released its latest government work report earlier this month, which
reviewed its performance in 2018, and also laid out its ambitions for
development this year.

In 2018, the city succeeded in promoting the sustained and healthy development
of its economy, with the city's comprehensive strength reaching a new level. The
city's agriculture, cultural and tourism industries, its cultural influence and
its people's livelihoods all saw significant improvements, according to the
report.

The historic city of Xi'an strives to step into a new stage this year with a
bunch of efforts in various fields, such as industry transformation and
upgrading, bolstering private sector and improving livelihoods. Photos Provided
to China Daily

The city's major economic and social development objectives in 2019 include
increasing the gross regional product by about 7.8 percent, the general public
budget by 6 percent and investment in fixed assets by 7 percent.

In addition, the city aims to increase the total retail sales of consumer goods
by 9 percent, the output of industry above designated scale by 8.3 percent, and
per capita disposable income of urban and rural residents by 7 percent and 8
percent, respectively. Meanwhile, the urban registered unemployment rate will be
kept below 4 percent, and the consumer price index will rise about 3 percent.
The amount of energy consumed for every 10,000 yuan ($1,494.6) gained in GDP in
2019 will be decreased by 2.8 percent, and the total discharge of major
pollutants will be reduced.

Grasp opportunities and complete new tasks

To achieve these goals, city leaders say they will grasp great opportunities
coming their way in 2019. For instance, they expect opportunities to arise
because of the city's central geographical position, especially in light of the
construction of comprehensive reform and opening-up pilot zone of Belt and Road
Initiative in Xi'an. City leaders will insist on the deepening of supply-side
structural reforms, gathering advanced production factors and accelerating
industrial transformation and upgrading. They aim to upgrade the level of the
industrial chain, smooth the economic cycle and coordinate the balanced
development of space, scale and industry so as to build a modern industrial
system with Xi'an characteristics.

Grasping the opportunity to increase infrastructure investment, the city will
accelerate the construction of major projects in sectors, including
transportation, logistics, energy, municipal administration, environmental
protection, agriculture and the development of rural areas. Efforts will also be
made to promote the renovation of hydropower and heating facilities, shanty
towns and underground comprehensive pipeline corridors. The city said it will
fight a proactive battle to overcome any shortcomings in its infrastructure.

To bolster private sector, the city will take more innovative measures to
optimize the business environment, promote investment and support the
development of private enterprises so as to make breakthroughs in the private
economy, achieving wider opening-up and faster reform.

The report directs city leaders to grasp opportunities to improve people's
livelihoods. The city will accelerate the development of service industries,
such as education, childcare, elderly care, medical care, culture and tourism,
increase the supply of high-quality services, coordinate and optimize the
household registration service and supporting measures for talented
professionals, continuously make practical efforts to improve people's sense of
progress, happiness and safety.

The city has also listed a total of 10 key tasks for its work in 2019. The list
includes preventing and controlling pollution, alleviating poverty, and
establishing measures against major economic risks.

The city will build a competitive modern industrial system by promoting the
high-quality development of its manufacturing industry, improving the
development quality of its modern service industry, developing the private
sector and improving financial services for its economic entities.

According to the government work report, the city will support the development
of major projects and key enterprises, such as Huawei, ZTE, BYD, Shaanxi Auto
and Bright Laser Technologies, and build a brand image around the themes "Made
in Xi'an" and "Innovation in Xi'an".

The city will strive to add more than 100 new industrial enterprises in the
year. Meanwhile, it will expand effective investment and focus on the quality
and efficiency of investment. More than 18 new 10 billion yuan projects will be
signed during the year, more than 330 billion yuan of domestic capital will be
introduced, and more than 7 billion yuan of foreign capital will be utilized in
2019.

The city will continue to build a number of distinctive and innovative towns,
and coordinate and promote 738 key projects at city level.

To help create a favorable business environment, the city will combine the
internet with government services so as improve work efficiency. It will also
boost entrepreneurship with favorable measures and policies.

(China Daily 02/28/2019 page14)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/38/155131487678.jpg

a41f726719b21de164f616.jpg


                             342 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           February 28, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: US will also be scalded by its tech 'cold war'

BYLINE: Liu Jianna

BODY:

Editor's Note: Some US-led Western countries have launched a technology "cold
war" against China by targeting Chinese high-tech enterprises such as Huawei, a
telecommunications equipment maker and major 5G technology player. Given the
twists and turns of the tech "cold war", how should Chinese high-tech companies
respond to the developments? Two experts share their views on the issue with
China Daily's Liu Jianna. Excerpts follow:

Sign of change in US stance?

Kang Rongping, a research fellow at the Institute of World Economics and
Politics, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences

Last week US President Donald Trump said that Washington wants to catch up in
the 5G race through competition and thus won't seek to block companies,
including Huawei, from the United States' 5G market on the pretext of security
concerns.

This may be encouraging news. But it's no use just paying lip service to fair
competition in the telecom sector while the US delegation to the world's biggest
mobile industry trade fair that opened in Barcelona, Spain, on Monday continued
its smear campaign against Huawei by trying to persuade telecom executives from
other countries not to use the Chinese company's products.

What the US has done for the past year or so in a desperate bid to maintain its
supremacy in the high-tech field is grossly unbecoming of a superpower. It is
essentially wielding its national power to contain China's rise in the high-tech
field - perhaps because it is perturbed by a number of Chinese companies that
have come to the fore on the world stage.

However, the United States' wheeler-dealer like attitude and actions will not
only inflict pain on China but also cause damage to the high-tech and telecom
sectors in the US as well as the rest of the world.

To begin with, given that the world economy is closely intertwined due to
globalization, which some countries including the US now vehemently oppose, any
action against China's tech giants is bound to cause a chain reaction - dealing
a blow to their suppliers, clients, consumers and other parties involved no
matter which part of the world they are based. Regardless of the inner workings
of modern economics, any undue action taken against China's tech giants could
cause havoc for a number of global enterprises and hurt the interests of many
countries.

More important, the US is trampling on the existing global economic order, which
it incidentally helped establish after World War II. The tech war waged against
China should sound the alarm for other countries, too, as it shows the world's
only superpower has the ability and desire to derail, if not stop, the natural
development of technology worldwide.

Confronted with the US' witch-hunt, Chinese tech companies need to prepare for
the long haul, because for all the gunfire directed at the Chinese high-tech
companies, China still lags behind advanced tech powers such as the US and
Japan. For instance, only one Chinese company, namely Huawei, figures among the
top 50 global companies on the 2018 EU Industrial R&D Investment Scoreboard, a
barometer measuring companies' investment in R&D.

To a large extent, there are still gaps for Chinese companies to fill, because
R&D investment says a lot about a company's short-term financial situation and
long-term competitiveness.

Nevertheless, we should take Trump's conciliatory remarks with a grain of salt,
because to maintain the US' tech advantages, the Trump administration is likely
to more strongly prevent Chinese technologies and inventions from entering the
US in the long run.

Chinese companies should be optimistic

Chen Fengying, a senior researcher in world economy at the China Institutes of
Contemporary International Relations

Trump, to a certain extent, has softened his stance against the Chinese tech
companies represented by Huawei thanks to the progress made at the China-US
trade talks. That the United Kingdom and New Zealand, too, have relented on the
Huawei issue shows they, as well as some other countries, are struggling to
strike a balance between their national interests and allegiance to the US.
After all, in terms of technology and price, Huawei's products are runaway
leaders.

Given the inconsistency of the US and its allies on the high-tech issue, China
should hone its own technologies and products, and focus its energy on reaching
the destination rather than on the rough and arduous road leading to the
destination.

The calm Huawei has shown and the restraint it has exercised toward the US and
several of its allies despite their unethical business practices and relentless
squeezing of its operating space in the preceding months are an example for what
Chinese companies should do when foreign governments and companies try to bully
them.

Apart from seeking the help of the law and hiring a group of competent lawyers
to fight its case, Huawei has also continued to improve its technology, which
ranks fifth among the world's top 50 companies that have invested the most in
R&D, according to the European Commission's Joint Research Centre.

Of course, the Chinese companies should prepare to meet any eventualities, but
they should not be over-pessimistic about the future. They need to understand
that time is on their side and a vast market is there for them to explore
despite the attempts of the US and its allies to compromise their business. Even
in the US, its 50 states have different policies and may adopt different
attitudes toward similar or the same issues.

Besides, China's market of more than 1.3 billion people offers local companies
huge room for growth.

As such, Chinese companies should stay vigilant in a fast-changing world but not
lose heart when pestered by certain foreign governments, a phenomenon which is
expected to become increasingly frequent in the short term. And amid all this,
the government should take concrete measures to create a fair environment for
the Chinese companies to grow and innovate.

The views don't necessarily represent those of China Daily.

(China Daily 02/28/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/73/155131487993.jpg

a41f726b05111de1638820.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/83/155131488007.jpg

a41f726b05111de1639a21.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/26/155131488027.jpg

a41f726b05111de163a522.jpg


                             343 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           February 28, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Envoy warns against blocking hi-tech

BYLINE: Chen Weihua in Brussels

BODY:

The Chinese ambassador to the European Union warned on Tuesday against an "iron
curtain" mentality in the age of 5G technology.

Zhang Ming, head of the Mission of China to the EU, said,"5G technology is a
product of global innovation and cooperation, and its industrial, supply and
value chains are so widely spread and interlinked that almost everyone has a
stake in it.

"Drawing an iron curtain would therefore have an impact on all, Chinese,
Europeans, Americans, and others alike," Zhang wrote in an article published on
Tuesday in Euractiv.

His cautionary words come as United States officials have been pressuring
European nations to exclude Huawei Technologies, a leader in 5G technology, from
their countries' 5G networks.

Without providing any evidence, US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo accused Huawei
of posing a national security threat and said last week that the US would have
difficulty partnering or sharing information with countries that adopt Huawei
systems.

At the Munich Security Conference last week, US Vice-President Mike Pence told
Europeans to reject Huawei and other Chinese telecom companies, saying that
Chinese law requires them to provide their data to Chinese intelligence organs.

Zhang, a former vice-foreign minister, said such attempts would upset global
economic and scientific cooperation, undermine the principles of free trade and
fair competition, disrupt market order, and eventually hurt the interests of
every consumer.

"Whether there are security risks or not requires a well-informed and fact-based
technical judgment, not politically motivated bashing or fearmongering, still
less pressuring and coercion," he wrote.

Zhang dismissed Pence's accusation by saying that China's National Intelligence
Law should be viewed as an indivisible whole.

"It provides that China's intelligence work must be law-based, give full respect
to human rights and uphold the legitimate rights and interests of individuals
and organizations, while it stipulates that individuals and organizations shall
support and assist with national intelligence work," he said.

"Therefore, it is advisable to look at the law in a holistic way rather than in
a one-sided and out-of-context way."

He said the Chinese government calls on Chinese companies operating overseas to
strictly observe laws and regulations of the host country, and will never ask
Chinese companies to engage in illegal activities.

"China stands ready to work together with the EU toward a 5G era for the
prosperity of all," Zhang said.

Peter Chase, a senior fellow at the German Marshall Fund of the US, believes
that European governments will follow the United Kingdom example, citing a
recent report by UK cybersecurity officials saying that the risks of using
Huawei products are "manageable".

Chase said if the US government makes allegations, it has to demonstrate their
veracity, but it is "not something any of us hear about".

chenweihua@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 02/28/2019 page3)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/14/155131488553.jpg

a41f726b05111de161810e.jpg


                             344 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           February 28, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Automakers embrace 5G for smart vehicles

BYLINE: Cheng Yu

BODY:

Chinese automaker Zhejiang Geely Holding Group has announced a major partnership
to put its first 5G and C-V2X-enabled vehicles into mass production by 2021, as
the country's car industry enters the fast lane of intelligent-connected
vehicles with the approach of 5G commercialization.

C-V2X, also known as Cellular Vehicle-To-Everything, is a wireless technology
that enables communication among vehicles, people and traffic infrastructure.

Geely's new vehicles will be made in cooperation with US chip giant Qualcomm Inc
and Chinese internet of things provider Gosuncn Technology Group Co, the company
said at this year's Mobile World Conference in Barcelona, Spain, on Wednesday.

"Such cars will be Geely's first vehicle models with Level 3 autonomous
technology. Also, our future cars will all be built with 5G and C-V2X," said
Shen Ziyu, vice-president of Geely Research Institute.

With the commercialization of superfast 5G just miles away, industry insiders
pointed out that intelligent-connected vehicles will stand at the forefront of
the IoT industry, which is a critical application area of 5G.

According to Liu Shuangguang, chairman of Gosuncn, 5G is an inevitable trend of
the future communications industry while C-V2X, as a special non-line-of-sight
sensor, will become one of the core technologies of autonomous driving.

By applying such technologies, vehicles, be they human-driven or driverless, can
know in real-time what's ahead of them.

Geely added that currently, some of its autonomous models have arrived at Level
2, but with the introduction of these technologies, they will be lifted to Level
3 by the end of 2021.

Level 2 means "hand off" - the automated system takes full control of the
vehicle, but the driver must monitor the driving and be prepared to intervene
immediately at any time.

Level 3 refers to "eyes off" - the vehicle will handle situations which require
an immediate response, and the driver must still be prepared to intervene within
some limited time.

Level 5 is the highest standard, which means no human intervention is required
at all.

Major Chinese vehicle manufacturers are stepping up efforts to promote related
technologies. Traditional carmakers are striving to join hands with tech
companies to accelerate the progress.

Last month, another Chinese vehicle maker Changan Automobile signed a
cooperation deal with Huawei Technologies Co Ltd to establish a joint innovation
center for 5G car networking and C-V2X technology.

The Chinese authorities have paid great attention to intelligent-connected
vehicles and strived to promote the industry to be globally competitive.

The nation plans to have smart cars with partial or fully autonomous functions
accounting for 50 percent of the new vehicles sold in the nation by 2020.

Market consultancy IDC predicted that China will become the world's largest
market for internet of things by 2022, with annual expenditure of $300 billion.

chengyu@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 02/28/2019 page13)


                             345 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           February 28, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Guizhou ramps up efforts to become a big data hub

BYLINE: Yang Jun in Guiyang and Chen Meiling in Beijing

BODY:

Guizhou, one of the fastest-growing provinces in Southwest China in terms of GDP
growth, is aiming to become a big data hub, welcoming global investors to
commercialize their emerging technologies, officials said.

Guizhou was once known as a mountainous region with one of the largest poor
populations in China. In 2018, its GDP surpassed 1.48 trillion yuan ($221.3
billion), up 9.1 percent year-on-year, 2.5 percentage points higher than that of
the country as a whole.

The growth rate ranked second among 31 provinces, municipalities and autonomous
regions on the mainland last year. It topped the list in 2017, data from the
National Bureau of Statistics showed.

This change can be attributed in part to the efforts the local government put
into its pillar industry - big data.

Last year, investment poured into big data-related information transmission,
software and information technology services industries grew by 49.7 percent,
local government data showed.

The local government has announced plans to increase the added value of the
digital economy to reach 33 percent of the province's total GDP by 2022.

As China's first big data pilot zone, the province has attracted internet
giants, including Qualcomm, Huawei, Tencent, Alibaba and Apple, to establish
cloud computing and big data centers as well as regional headquarters.

"People used to think traffic in the mountainous region was not convenient and
there were too many rainy days. But the disadvantages have turned out to be
advantages," said Tencent CEO Pony Ma Huateng at the China International Big
Data Industry Expo 2018.

Before the expo, Tencent put its new data center in a cave in Guian New Area,
Guizhou, expected to host 300,000 machine sets.

"The geological location is securely hidden, the temperature is low and it has
sufficient water and power supply. All of these help to reduce energy
consumption," he said, adding that the company will store its important data
there.

In 2019, the provincial capital Guiyang will give more support to big data
projects, according to a document sent from the local government to China Daily.
For example, it will help Dell to build its software service base, Inspur Group
to build a big data industrial park and Huawei to set up a data center, as well
as cooperate with countries such as India and Malaysia for business.

"We will accelerate integration of big data into agricultural, industrial,
service and other industries, and use big data in the transformation and
upgrading of the traditional production, life and social governance mode," said
Zhao Deming, Party secretary of Guiyang, at a news conference held in Beijing on
Monday.

China's big data sector aims to increase its annual sales to 1 trillion yuan by
2020 from an estimated 280 billion yuan in 2015, according to the Ministry of
Industry and Information Technology.

The city is also home to the largest national-level big data themed event.

This year's expo, to be held from May 26 to 29, will focus on the hottest topics
in the industry, including 5G, industrial internet, blockchain, intelligent
manufacturing and application of e-commerce in poverty relief, officials said at
the news conference.

Forty percent of exhibitors are from overseas, including Google, Qualcomm,
Seagate Technology Corp and NTT Data. Paul Romer, co-recipient of the 2018 Nobel
Prize in economics, and Whitfield Diffie, winner of the Turing Award, plan to
attend.

The expo will introduce a guest of honor for the first time, and will invite one
country to showcase its achievements in big data every year.

Chen Yan, mayor of Guiyang, said the expo is an important platform for Guiyang
to open up its economy and promote high-quality development.

"It offers a chance for the world to learn about Chinese markets and demands of
Chinese consumers, as well as the business potential and economic value of
cutting-edge technologies and industries," he said.

The expo is co-organized by the National Development and Reform Commission, the
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the Cyberspace Administration
of China and Guizhou province.

The number of attendees is expected to surpass 100,000.

Contact the writers at yangjun@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 02/28/2019 page14)


                             346 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           February 28, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: US will also be scalded by its tech 'cold war'

BYLINE: Liu Jianna

BODY:

Editor's Note: Some US-led Western countries have launched a technology "cold
war" against China by targeting Chinese high-tech enterprises such as Huawei, a
telecommunications equipment maker and major 5G technology player. Given the
twists and turns of the tech "cold war", how should Chinese high-tech companies
respond to the developments? Two experts share their views on the issue with
China Daily's Liu Jianna. Excerpts follow:

Sign of change in US stance?

Kang Rongping, a research fellow at the Institute of World Economics and
Politics, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences

Last week US President Donald Trump said that Washington wants to catch up in
the 5G race through competition and thus won't seek to block companies,
including Huawei, from the United States' 5G market on the pretext of security
concerns.

This may be encouraging news. But it's no use just paying lip service to fair
competition in the telecom sector while the US delegation to the world's biggest
mobile industry trade fair that opened in Barcelona, Spain, on Monday continued
its smear campaign against Huawei by trying to persuade telecom executives from
other countries not to use the Chinese company's products.

What the US has done for the past year or so in a desperate bid to maintain its
supremacy in the high-tech field is grossly unbecoming of a superpower. It is
essentially wielding its national power to contain China's rise in the high-tech
field - perhaps because it is perturbed by a number of Chinese companies that
have come to the fore on the world stage.

However, the United States' wheeler-dealer like attitude and actions will not
only inflict pain on China but also cause damage to the high-tech and telecom
sectors in the US as well as the rest of the world.

To begin with, given that the world economy is closely intertwined due to
globalization, which some countries including the US now vehemently oppose, any
action against China's tech giants is bound to cause a chain reaction - dealing
a blow to their suppliers, clients, consumers and other parties involved no
matter which part of the world they are based. Regardless of the inner workings
of modern economics, any undue action taken against China's tech giants could
cause havoc for a number of global enterprises and hurt the interests of many
countries.

More important, the US is trampling on the existing global economic order, which
it incidentally helped establish after World War II. The tech war waged against
China should sound the alarm for other countries, too, as it shows the world's
only superpower has the ability and desire to derail, if not stop, the natural
development of technology worldwide.

Confronted with the US' witch-hunt, Chinese tech companies need to prepare for
the long haul, because for all the gunfire directed at the Chinese high-tech
companies, China still lags behind advanced tech powers such as the US and
Japan. For instance, only one Chinese company, namely Huawei, figures among the
top 50 global companies on the 2018 EU Industrial R&D Investment Scoreboard, a
barometer measuring companies' investment in R&D.

To a large extent, there are still gaps for Chinese companies to fill, because
R&D investment says a lot about a company's short-term financial situation and
long-term competitiveness.

Nevertheless, we should take Trump's conciliatory remarks with a grain of salt,
because to maintain the US' tech advantages, the Trump administration is likely
to more strongly prevent Chinese technologies and inventions from entering the
US in the long run.

Chinese companies should be optimistic

Chen Fengying, a senior researcher in world economy at the China Institutes of
Contemporary International Relations

Trump, to a certain extent, has softened his stance against the Chinese tech
companies represented by Huawei thanks to the progress made at the China-US
trade talks. That the United Kingdom and New Zealand, too, have relented on the
Huawei issue shows they, as well as some other countries, are struggling to
strike a balance between their national interests and allegiance to the US.
After all, in terms of technology and price, Huawei's products are runaway
leaders.

Given the inconsistency of the US and its allies on the high-tech issue, China
should hone its own technologies and products, and focus its energy on reaching
the destination rather than on the rough and arduous road leading to the
destination.

The calm Huawei has shown and the restraint it has exercised toward the US and
several of its allies despite their unethical business practices and relentless
squeezing of its operating space in the preceding months are an example for what
Chinese companies should do when foreign governments and companies try to bully
them.

Apart from seeking the help of the law and hiring a group of competent lawyers
to fight its case, Huawei has also continued to improve its technology, which
ranks fifth among the world's top 50 companies that have invested the most in
R&D, according to the European Commission's Joint Research Centre.

Of course, the Chinese companies should prepare to meet any eventualities, but
they should not be over-pessimistic about the future. They need to understand
that time is on their side and a vast market is there for them to explore
despite the attempts of the US and its allies to compromise their business. Even
in the US, its 50 states have different policies and may adopt different
attitudes toward similar or the same issues.

Besides, China's market of more than 1.3 billion people offers local companies
huge room for growth.

As such, Chinese companies should stay vigilant in a fast-changing world but not
lose heart when pestered by certain foreign governments, a phenomenon which is
expected to become increasingly frequent in the short term. And amid all this,
the government should take concrete measures to create a fair environment for
the Chinese companies to grow and innovate.

The views don't necessarily represent those of China Daily.

(China Daily 02/28/2019 page9)


                             347 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                          February 27, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: What's news

BODY:

Shanghai port witnesses decline in auto imports

Automobile imports via Shanghai port fell 9.8 percent year-on-year to 373,000
last year, according to Shanghai Customs. The value of total auto imports went
down by a narrower 4.7 percent to 110.4 billion yuan ($16.5 billion). The
average import price for each automobile, however, rose 5.7 percent year-on-year
to 296,000 yuan. The European Union was the largest source of imports with 60.9
percent, followed by the United States with 18 percent and Japan with 16.4
percent. Imports of traditional gasoline-fueled vehicles fell but imports of
hybrid electric vehicles grew sharply by 57.4 percent to 4,542 units last year.

More NEV charging stations being set up

The nation has built 853,000 charging stations for new energy vehicles by the
end of January, surging 80.1 percent from a year earlier, the Securities Times
reported, quoting an industry report. A total of 44,000 charging stations were
built nationwide in January alone, up 231.6 percent year-on-year, the paper
said. Charging stations in metropolitans such as Beijing, Shanghai, and
Guangdong province accounted for 76.4 percent of the national total.

Mechanical industry to maintain steady uptick

China's mechanical industry will maintain stable growth in 2019, the China
Machinery Industry Federation said on Monday. The industry is expected to see
6.5 percent growth of added value this year, and 5 percent growth of total
profit, according to the federation. Meanwhile, the federation predicted
moderate export growth in 2019. The industry's growth is being spurred by a
guideline, issued by 10 national regulators including the Ministry of Commerce
and the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology at the beginning of the
year, on optimizing supply and promoting consumption.

Renminbi strengthens against greenback

The central parity rate of the Chinese currency the renminbi, or yuan,
strengthened 179 basis points to 6.6952 against the US dollar on Tuesday,
according to the China Foreign Exchange Trade System. In China's spot foreign
exchange market, the yuan is allowed to rise or fall by 2 percent from the
central parity rate each trading day. The central parity rate of the yuan
against the dollar is based on a weighted average of prices offered by market
makers before the opening of the interbank market each business day.

China Everbright Bank opens branch in Sydney

The China Everbright Bank has opened its first Australian branch in Sydney's
newly constructed Barangaroo district. A gala event was held at the city's
convention hall on Monday, attended by dignitaries and representatives from both
the Australian and Chinese banking industries. The office makes CEB the seventh
Chinese bank operating in Australia. By expanding into Australia, CEB's CEO Ge
Haijiao said the company hopes to facilitate the unique trade relationship that
exists between the two countries.

Large graphite deposit found in Heilongjiang

A large graphite deposit has been discovered in Northeast China's Heilongjiang
province with a potential economic value of more than 100 billion yuan ($15
billion). The deposit, found in the city of Shuangyashan, has a reserve of more
than 335 million metric tons of graphite ore with an average purity of 6.97
percent, according to the provincial natural resources department. The
department said the minerals there were identified as high-quality flake
graphite that can be mined easily and at low cost.

Huawei partners with Austrian Federal Railways

Chinese technology giant Huawei and the Austrian Federal Railways announced on
Monday that they are strengthening cooperation to advance digitalization in the
railway sector. The railway company is teaming with Huawei to develop innovative
solutions that will continue to optimize the efficiency of its operations while
offering passengers increased security and a comfortable travel experience,
according to a joint news release issued during the Mobile World Congress, a key
industry expo. The two sides will set up a pilot installation in Austria to test
solutions for various applications in the train environment.

Tianjin eco-city attracts Beijing firms

Under the coordinated development of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei, more than 3,200
Beijing enterprises have registered in the China-Singapore Tianjin eco-city over
the past five years. Located in Tianjin Binhai New Area, the eco-city is a
cooperative program between the two countries and is designed to be a
demonstration zone of green development. Against the background of the national
strategy of coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region,
initiated in 2014, the eco-city has been attracting companies and technologies
from nearby areas. The 3,200 Beijing companies that entered the eco-city account
for nearly half of the total number of enterprises registered there.

Mogu reports growth in fourth quarter revenue

Online fashion and lifestyle destination Mogu Inc. saw operating revenue rise
20.3 percent year-on-year to 367.2 million yuan ($54.9 million) in the third
quarter of the fiscal year 2019 ending Dec 31, 2018. Mogu, invested by Source
Code Capital, a venture capital firm, announced on Monday its first unaudited
quarterly financial results since its IPO in December in New York. Net loss saw
a 73-percent drop to 42.2 million yuan from 156.1 million yuan from the same
period a year earlier.

Tesla's Elon Musk faces contempt claim in US

The US Securities and Exchange Commission on Monday asked a judge to hold Elon
Musk, the CEO of electric vehicle maker Tesla, in contempt for violating a deal
between him and the regulator on social media posts, local media reported.
Bloomberg news reported that the SEC alleged that Musk failed to abide by an Oct
16 settlement with the agency "requiring him to seek pre-approval from Tesla for
social media posts and other written communication that would be material to the
company or investors."

Global coal demand to remain stable: IEA

Global coal demand in the next five years is set to be stable, with declines in
the United States and Europe offset by growth in India and other Asian
countries, a report showed on Monday. In terms of the total energy mix, coal's
contribution will decline from 27 percent to 25 percent, mainly due to growth of
renewables and natural gas, according to a report released by the International
Energy Agency at a news conference in Beijing. China will see a gradual decline
in demand of less than 1 percent annually on average, according to the IEA
report. So far, 70 percent of China's coal power generators have realized
ultra-low emissions, said Liu Baohua, deputy head of the National Energy
Administration, at the news conference.

Lending rate in S. Korea falls on policy delays

South Korea's bank lending rate fell for three straight months amid an expected
delay in the policy rate hike, central bank data showed on Tuesday. Rates for
new bank loans to households averaged an annualized rate of 3.58 percent in
January, down 0.03 percentage points from a month earlier, according to the Bank
of Korea. The bank lending rate kept a downward trend for the third consecutive
month on expectations that the BOK would delay its policy rate hike on worries
about the country's exports. Exports, which account for about half of the
export-driven economy, dipped 5.9 percent in January from a year ago, after
falling 1.7 percent in December last year.

China Daily - Agencies

(China Daily 02/27/2019 page14)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/43/155122857646.jpg

a41f726b05111de0140c09.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/54/155122857668.jpg

a41f726b05111de014120a.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/96/155122857691.jpg

a41f726b05111de014180b.jpg


                             348 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                          February 27, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: ZTE unveils its first 5G smartphone

BYLINE: Zhou Mo

BODY:

ZTE Corp unveiled its first 5G flagship smartphone at the Mobile World Congress
in Barcelona on Monday as the Chinese telecom equipment and smartphone
manufacturer seeks to gain a foothold in the 5G battlefield, which is likely to
refuel the industry's growth amid its current market saturation.

Powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon 855 mobile platform along with the Snapdragon
X50 5G modem and an artificial intelligence-powered performance engine, the ZTE
Axon 10 Pro 5G supports sub-6G spectrum frequencies, enabling users to enjoy
"extremely fast" video and gaming experiences.

The 6.47-inch smartphone also features AI capabilities, with AI functions being
applied in its triplecamera, motion capture, scene recognition, portrait
lighting adjustment and user behavior learning.

European and Chinese consumers are expected to be the first to get their hands
on the new device, sometime in the first half of the year, but the company did
not reveal how much they were likely to pay for it.

"Terminals are an important part of ZTE's end-to-end layout of 5G applications.
Along with the commercial launch of the world's first 5G network, ZTE is
pioneering the launch of the first 5G flagship smartphone, which perfectly
combines 5G core technologies with the ultimate user experience," said Xu Feng,
chief executive officer of ZTE mobile devices.

Xu noted that ZTE attaches a great deal of importance to restoring its
operations in key markets and the company has already resumed cooperation with
major global operators.

The launch of the handset comes as global smartphone shipments are seeing
consecutive quarters of decline, which many experts say is a result of market
saturation and a lack of innovation.

During the fourth quarter of 2018, a total of 375.4 million units were shipped,
down 4.9 percent year-on-year, marking the fifth consecutive quarter of decline,
according to statistics from International Data Corporation. In the whole of
last year, a total of 1.4 billion units were shipped, a decline of 4.1 percent
year-on-year.

Smartphone manufacturers believe 5G technology will be a shot in the arm for the
industry and fuel a new round of growth by enabling mobile devices to perform
more functions at a super fast speed. A number of other Chinese vendors,
including Huawei and Oppo, have also introduced 5G handsets at the world's
largest mobile industry exhibition.

"Although large-scale commercialization of 5G is expected to take place by 2020,
the process has so far exceeded our expectations," Xu said.

"The advent of 5G technology will boost the smartphone industry and stimulate
consumers to change their mobile devices, returning the industry to the growth
path," he said.

According to a report by Counterpoint, global 5G smartphone shipments are
expected to grow by 255 percent annually to reach 108.2 million units by 2021.

Xu said that in order to strengthen the presence of its mobile devices, ZTE will
focus on a number of key markets, including China, Japan, Australia, Europe and
Latin America.

"Development of 5G technology will drive the growth of the smartphone industry,
but due to the high cost, it will be a gradual process," said Wang Xi, an
analyst from IDC. "We will probably have to wait until the end of 2020, or even
2022, before any significant change can be seen in the smartphone industry as a
result of 5G breakthroughs."

sally@chinadailyhk.com

Attendees visit the ZTE stand at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona on Feb
25. Xinhua

(China Daily 02/27/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/52/155122857731.jpg

a41f726b05111de0139d04.jpg


                             349 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                          February 27, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Huawei victim of Washington's compulsive, obsessive disorder

BODY:

The war waged by the United States against China's telecommunications company
Huawei has been absurd from the very beginning. Yet the allegation that Huawei
is a cybersecurity risk continues to be bandied about by Washington as if it is
a fact, despite even its allies pouring cold water on its claims.

What happened at the world's biggest mobile industry trade fair, which opened in
Barcelona on Monday, shows how determined the US is to push its absurdity to the
extreme.

The big US government delegation at the show was clearly not there for the
purpose of promoting the advancement of the telecom industry worldwide. Instead,
it is intent on setting obstacles in its way. The US has seized the opportunity
to continue its campaign against Huawei by trying to lean on the attending
telecom executives and government officials so they will turn their backs on the
Chinese company.

Resorting to the now discredited claims the Chinese company represents a
security concern above and beyond any other network provider, 11 US senators
urged the US government on Monday to ban solar power inverters or advanced
control systems made by Huawei, alleging that they pose a national security
threat to US energy infrastructure. Yet, as before, the US has failed to produce
any shred of evidence to support its allegations.

Although the aspersions the US is casting on Huawei are intended to harm the
Chinese company, they also harm the interests of the US' international partners,
which would otherwise be benefiting from conducting normal cooperation with the
company.

As a global telecom giant that leads the world in 5G technology, Huawei could
make huge contributions to the industrial development of countries and benefit
consumers worldwide with its products. Industry experts have already pointed out
countries that yield to the US pressure will be delaying their rollout of 5G by
at least two years.

Huawei is clearly under huge pressure from the world's sole superpower, but it
will survive the attacks, since it has established trust with its existing
customers. It has already stated its willingness to participate in fact-based
risk-assessment reviews, and it has already set up a security risk evaluation
center of its own, based in Oxfordshire in the United Kingdom.

It is no secret that Washington's pummeling of Huawei stems from the US
administration's intention to suppress China's advancement in science and
technology. But there is the possibility that the US administration might
finally have caught on to the fact it is trying to flog a dead horse to those
seeking a reasonably priced thoroughbred. The US president said last week that
he wanted the US to catch up in the 5G race through competition, "not by
blocking out currently more advanced technologies".

Network operators will be crossing their fingers that this heralds a change of
approach. Although, by displaying its paranoia about Huawei, Washington has laid
bare just how pathologically it fears losing its perch at the top of the tech
tree and how little confidence it has that it can make up the lost ground.

(China Daily 02/27/2019 page8)


                             350 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                          February 27, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Are foldable smartphones really the next big thing?

BODY:

ON SUNDAY, China's tech giant Huawei officially unveiled Huawei Mate X, its
first foldable smartphone. That came just five days after Galaxy Fold, the first
foldable smartphone of Samsung. But foldables might not be the future of
smartphones, two experts tell China Daily's Zhang Zhouxiang:

Yuan Xuanhua, an industrial designer with 20 years' experience in smartphone
engineering: Some media outlets have described foldable smartphones with so many
sweet words as if they were a technological breakthrough. Unfortunately, they
are not. The technology of foldable displays was invented 20 years ago in a
quite easy way - by replacing the glass that supports the display with foldable
organic materials. Such displays not only fold, they also curve.

Concerning the foldable screens of Huawei and Samsung, they have better displays
with higher density rate and clearer, more stable display performance, but in
essence they are still using the same technology. Therefore, the foldable
smartphones are a consumption-led innovation rather than a technology-driven
breakthrough.

When touch screens for smartphones were invented, they did not become popular
until certain apps that suited them, such as Fruit Ninjia, began to be
introduced. Now foldable smartphones face a similar problem. Only when apps that
suit the foldable smartphones are developed will the phones be truly accepted by
the market.

Wu Shuyuan, an analyst at Sigmaintell, a company specializing in display
analysis: Both Huawei and Samsung have invested huge resources in their foldable
smartphones, because it is a way for both companies to show they are still
innovating, and foldable displays need special materials that are quite scarce
in the market, so neither of the two companies could afford to wait.

Although the Samsung Fold and Huawei Mate X differ greatly in terms of design,
and each has its advantages and disadvantages, the two share one thing in
common, namely a high price - Both are rather expensive. The Samsung Fold is
priced at $1,980 while the Huawei Mate X is priced at 2,299 euros ($2,606). The
high price will quite seriously limit the market for the two products as it
makes them luxury buys.

According to our analysis and market forecasts, in 2019, the number of foldable
smartphones and tablets sold globally might reach 900,000, which might double in
2020. As a comparison, people globally bought 1.4 billion smartphones in 2018.
So unless the price of foldable phones falls sharply, the market will be limited
for the foreseeable future.

(China Daily 02/27/2019 page8)


                             351 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                          February 27, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Judgment on Huawei should be based on facts, ministry says

BYLINE: Mo Jingxi

BODY:

Policymaking and judgment in any country should be "based on facts instead of
groundless lies", Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said during a regular news
conference in Beijing on Tuesday.

Lu made the remark after Vodafone CEO Nick Read warned on Monday that excluding
Huawei from Europe's 5G networks could be "hugely disruptive" to national
infrastructure and consumers.

"People are saying things at the moment that are not grounded," Read was quoted
by Reuters as saying at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain.

"I'm not saying that is the case for the US, because I have not met them
directly myself, so I have not seen what evidence they have, but they clearly
need to present that evidence to the right bodies throughout Europe," Read said.

Vodafone is the world's second-largest mobile operator, with around 700 million
subscribers globally.

"I think the comments made by the head of Vodafone are reasonable," Lu said.

"The key is that some people, just as Read said, cannot provide evidence for
their statement," Lu said. He added that they also, out of self-interest, are
using their national power to destroy the normal and mutually beneficial
cooperation between the companies of other countries.

But they should be aware that companies and consumers in other countries will
also make choices based on their own vital interests, Lu said.

Also on Monday, the Financial Times said in an opinion piece that there are
thousands of cyber attacks on networks, but Huawei has never been found to have
inserted a software "back door" to facilitate one.

Lu said, "5G mobile communication technology is the result of all countries'
communication and cooperation amid globalization, and it is a high-tech,
innovative product shared by the international community."

He also said that China considers it in line with the fundamental interests of
all parties to safeguard multilateral cooperation with win-win results and
maintain an open and inclusive market environment.

"We believe that all parties will independently make the right choice that is in
line with their own interests and the trend of the times," Lu added.

mojingxi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 02/27/2019 page3)


                             352 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                          February 27, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: What's news

BODY:

Shanghai port witnesses decline in auto imports

Automobile imports via Shanghai port fell 9.8 percent year-on-year to 373,000
last year, according to Shanghai Customs. The value of total auto imports went
down by a narrower 4.7 percent to 110.4 billion yuan ($16.5 billion). The
average import price for each automobile, however, rose 5.7 percent year-on-year
to 296,000 yuan. The European Union was the largest source of imports with 60.9
percent, followed by the United States with 18 percent and Japan with 16.4
percent. Imports of traditional gasoline-fueled vehicles fell but imports of
hybrid electric vehicles grew sharply by 57.4 percent to 4,542 units last year.

More NEV charging stations being set up

The nation has built 853,000 charging stations for new energy vehicles by the
end of January, surging 80.1 percent from a year earlier, the Securities Times
reported, quoting an industry report. A total of 44,000 charging stations were
built nationwide in January alone, up 231.6 percent year-on-year, the paper
said. Charging stations in metropolitans such as Beijing, Shanghai, and
Guangdong province accounted for 76.4 percent of the national total.

Mechanical industry to maintain steady uptick

China's mechanical industry will maintain stable growth in 2019, the China
Machinery Industry Federation said on Monday. The industry is expected to see
6.5 percent growth of added value this year, and 5 percent growth of total
profit, according to the federation. Meanwhile, the federation predicted
moderate export growth in 2019. The industry's growth is being spurred by a
guideline, issued by 10 national regulators including the Ministry of Commerce
and the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology at the beginning of the
year, on optimizing supply and promoting consumption.

Renminbi strengthens against greenback

The central parity rate of the Chinese currency the renminbi, or yuan,
strengthened 179 basis points to 6.6952 against the US dollar on Tuesday,
according to the China Foreign Exchange Trade System. In China's spot foreign
exchange market, the yuan is allowed to rise or fall by 2 percent from the
central parity rate each trading day. The central parity rate of the yuan
against the dollar is based on a weighted average of prices offered by market
makers before the opening of the interbank market each business day.

China Everbright Bank opens branch in Sydney

The China Everbright Bank has opened its first Australian branch in Sydney's
newly constructed Barangaroo district. A gala event was held at the city's
convention hall on Monday, attended by dignitaries and representatives from both
the Australian and Chinese banking industries. The office makes CEB the seventh
Chinese bank operating in Australia. By expanding into Australia, CEB's CEO Ge
Haijiao said the company hopes to facilitate the unique trade relationship that
exists between the two countries.

Large graphite deposit found in Heilongjiang

A large graphite deposit has been discovered in Northeast China's Heilongjiang
province with a potential economic value of more than 100 billion yuan ($15
billion). The deposit, found in the city of Shuangyashan, has a reserve of more
than 335 million metric tons of graphite ore with an average purity of 6.97
percent, according to the provincial natural resources department. The
department said the minerals there were identified as high-quality flake
graphite that can be mined easily and at low cost.

Huawei partners with Austrian Federal Railways

Chinese technology giant Huawei and the Austrian Federal Railways announced on
Monday that they are strengthening cooperation to advance digitalization in the
railway sector. The railway company is teaming with Huawei to develop innovative
solutions that will continue to optimize the efficiency of its operations while
offering passengers increased security and a comfortable travel experience,
according to a joint news release issued during the Mobile World Congress, a key
industry expo. The two sides will set up a pilot installation in Austria to test
solutions for various applications in the train environment.

Tianjin eco-city attracts Beijing firms

Under the coordinated development of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei, more than 3,200
Beijing enterprises have registered in the China-Singapore Tianjin eco-city over
the past five years. Located in Tianjin Binhai New Area, the eco-city is a
cooperative program between the two countries and is designed to be a
demonstration zone of green development. Against the background of the national
strategy of coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region,
initiated in 2014, the eco-city has been attracting companies and technologies
from nearby areas. The 3,200 Beijing companies that entered the eco-city account
for nearly half of the total number of enterprises registered there.

Mogu reports growth in fourth quarter revenue

Online fashion and lifestyle destination Mogu Inc. saw operating revenue rise
20.3 percent year-on-year to 367.2 million yuan ($54.9 million) in the third
quarter of the fiscal year 2019 ending Dec 31, 2018. Mogu, invested by Source
Code Capital, a venture capital firm, announced on Monday its first unaudited
quarterly financial results since its IPO in December in New York. Net loss saw
a 73-percent drop to 42.2 million yuan from 156.1 million yuan from the same
period a year earlier.

Tesla's Elon Musk faces contempt claim in US

The US Securities and Exchange Commission on Monday asked a judge to hold Elon
Musk, the CEO of electric vehicle maker Tesla, in contempt for violating a deal
between him and the regulator on social media posts, local media reported.
Bloomberg news reported that the SEC alleged that Musk failed to abide by an Oct
16 settlement with the agency "requiring him to seek pre-approval from Tesla for
social media posts and other written communication that would be material to the
company or investors."

Global coal demand to remain stable: IEA

Global coal demand in the next five years is set to be stable, with declines in
the United States and Europe offset by growth in India and other Asian
countries, a report showed on Monday. In terms of the total energy mix, coal's
contribution will decline from 27 percent to 25 percent, mainly due to growth of
renewables and natural gas, according to a report released by the International
Energy Agency at a news conference in Beijing. China will see a gradual decline
in demand of less than 1 percent annually on average, according to the IEA
report. So far, 70 percent of China's coal power generators have realized
ultra-low emissions, said Liu Baohua, deputy head of the National Energy
Administration, at the news conference.

Lending rate in S. Korea falls on policy delays

South Korea's bank lending rate fell for three straight months amid an expected
delay in the policy rate hike, central bank data showed on Tuesday. Rates for
new bank loans to households averaged an annualized rate of 3.58 percent in
January, down 0.03 percentage points from a month earlier, according to the Bank
of Korea. The bank lending rate kept a downward trend for the third consecutive
month on expectations that the BOK would delay its policy rate hike on worries
about the country's exports. Exports, which account for about half of the
export-driven economy, dipped 5.9 percent in January from a year ago, after
falling 1.7 percent in December last year.

China Daily - Agencies

(China Daily 02/27/2019 page14)


                             353 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                          February 27, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: ZTE unveils its first 5G smartphone

BYLINE: Zhou Mo

BODY:

ZTE Corp unveiled its first 5G flagship smartphone at the Mobile World Congress
in Barcelona on Monday as the Chinese telecom equipment and smartphone
manufacturer seeks to gain a foothold in the 5G battlefield, which is likely to
refuel the industry's growth amid its current market saturation.

Powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon 855 mobile platform along with the Snapdragon
X50 5G modem and an artificial intelligence-powered performance engine, the ZTE
Axon 10 Pro 5G supports sub-6G spectrum frequencies, enabling users to enjoy
"extremely fast" video and gaming experiences.

The 6.47-inch smartphone also features AI capabilities, with AI functions being
applied in its triplecamera, motion capture, scene recognition, portrait
lighting adjustment and user behavior learning.

European and Chinese consumers are expected to be the first to get their hands
on the new device, sometime in the first half of the year, but the company did
not reveal how much they were likely to pay for it.

"Terminals are an important part of ZTE's end-to-end layout of 5G applications.
Along with the commercial launch of the world's first 5G network, ZTE is
pioneering the launch of the first 5G flagship smartphone, which perfectly
combines 5G core technologies with the ultimate user experience," said Xu Feng,
chief executive officer of ZTE mobile devices.

Xu noted that ZTE attaches a great deal of importance to restoring its
operations in key markets and the company has already resumed cooperation with
major global operators.

The launch of the handset comes as global smartphone shipments are seeing
consecutive quarters of decline, which many experts say is a result of market
saturation and a lack of innovation.

During the fourth quarter of 2018, a total of 375.4 million units were shipped,
down 4.9 percent year-on-year, marking the fifth consecutive quarter of decline,
according to statistics from International Data Corporation. In the whole of
last year, a total of 1.4 billion units were shipped, a decline of 4.1 percent
year-on-year.

Smartphone manufacturers believe 5G technology will be a shot in the arm for the
industry and fuel a new round of growth by enabling mobile devices to perform
more functions at a super fast speed. A number of other Chinese vendors,
including Huawei and Oppo, have also introduced 5G handsets at the world's
largest mobile industry exhibition.

"Although large-scale commercialization of 5G is expected to take place by 2020,
the process has so far exceeded our expectations," Xu said.

"The advent of 5G technology will boost the smartphone industry and stimulate
consumers to change their mobile devices, returning the industry to the growth
path," he said.

According to a report by Counterpoint, global 5G smartphone shipments are
expected to grow by 255 percent annually to reach 108.2 million units by 2021.

Xu said that in order to strengthen the presence of its mobile devices, ZTE will
focus on a number of key markets, including China, Japan, Australia, Europe and
Latin America.

"Development of 5G technology will drive the growth of the smartphone industry,
but due to the high cost, it will be a gradual process," said Wang Xi, an
analyst from IDC. "We will probably have to wait until the end of 2020, or even
2022, before any significant change can be seen in the smartphone industry as a
result of 5G breakthroughs."

sally@chinadailyhk.com

Attendees visit the ZTE stand at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona on Feb
25. Xinhua

(China Daily 02/27/2019 page13)


                             354 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                          February 27, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Huawei victim of Washington's compulsive, obsessive disorder

BODY:

The war waged by the United States against China's telecommunications company
Huawei has been absurd from the very beginning. Yet the allegation that Huawei
is a cybersecurity risk continues to be bandied about by Washington as if it is
a fact, despite even its allies pouring cold water on its claims.

What happened at the world's biggest mobile industry trade fair, which opened in
Barcelona on Monday, shows how determined the US is to push its absurdity to the
extreme.

The big US government delegation at the show was clearly not there for the
purpose of promoting the advancement of the telecom industry worldwide. Instead,
it is intent on setting obstacles in its way. The US has seized the opportunity
to continue its campaign against Huawei by trying to lean on the attending
telecom executives and government officials so they will turn their backs on the
Chinese company.

Resorting to the now discredited claims the Chinese company represents a
security concern above and beyond any other network provider, 11 US senators
urged the US government on Monday to ban solar power inverters or advanced
control systems made by Huawei, alleging that they pose a national security
threat to US energy infrastructure. Yet, as before, the US has failed to produce
any shred of evidence to support its allegations.

Although the aspersions the US is casting on Huawei are intended to harm the
Chinese company, they also harm the interests of the US' international partners,
which would otherwise be benefiting from conducting normal cooperation with the
company.

As a global telecom giant that leads the world in 5G technology, Huawei could
make huge contributions to the industrial development of countries and benefit
consumers worldwide with its products. Industry experts have already pointed out
countries that yield to the US pressure will be delaying their rollout of 5G by
at least two years.

Huawei is clearly under huge pressure from the world's sole superpower, but it
will survive the attacks, since it has established trust with its existing
customers. It has already stated its willingness to participate in fact-based
risk-assessment reviews, and it has already set up a security risk evaluation
center of its own, based in Oxfordshire in the United Kingdom.

It is no secret that Washington's pummeling of Huawei stems from the US
administration's intention to suppress China's advancement in science and
technology. But there is the possibility that the US administration might
finally have caught on to the fact it is trying to flog a dead horse to those
seeking a reasonably priced thoroughbred. The US president said last week that
he wanted the US to catch up in the 5G race through competition, "not by
blocking out currently more advanced technologies".

Network operators will be crossing their fingers that this heralds a change of
approach. Although, by displaying its paranoia about Huawei, Washington has laid
bare just how pathologically it fears losing its perch at the top of the tech
tree and how little confidence it has that it can make up the lost ground.

(China Daily 02/27/2019 page8)


                             355 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                          February 27, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Are foldable smartphones really the next big thing?

BODY:

ON SUNDAY, China's tech giant Huawei officially unveiled Huawei Mate X, its
first foldable smartphone. That came just five days after Galaxy Fold, the first
foldable smartphone of Samsung. But foldables might not be the future of
smartphones, two experts tell China Daily's Zhang Zhouxiang:

Yuan Xuanhua, an industrial designer with 20 years' experience in smartphone
engineering: Some media outlets have described foldable smartphones with so many
sweet words as if they were a technological breakthrough. Unfortunately, they
are not. The technology of foldable displays was invented 20 years ago in a
quite easy way - by replacing the glass that supports the display with foldable
organic materials. Such displays not only fold, they also curve.

Concerning the foldable screens of Huawei and Samsung, they have better displays
with higher density rate and clearer, more stable display performance, but in
essence they are still using the same technology. Therefore, the foldable
smartphones are a consumption-led innovation rather than a technology-driven
breakthrough.

When touch screens for smartphones were invented, they did not become popular
until certain apps that suited them, such as Fruit Ninjia, began to be
introduced. Now foldable smartphones face a similar problem. Only when apps that
suit the foldable smartphones are developed will the phones be truly accepted by
the market.

Wu Shuyuan, an analyst at Sigmaintell, a company specializing in display
analysis: Both Huawei and Samsung have invested huge resources in their foldable
smartphones, because it is a way for both companies to show they are still
innovating, and foldable displays need special materials that are quite scarce
in the market, so neither of the two companies could afford to wait.

Although the Samsung Fold and Huawei Mate X differ greatly in terms of design,
and each has its advantages and disadvantages, the two share one thing in
common, namely a high price - Both are rather expensive. The Samsung Fold is
priced at $1,980 while the Huawei Mate X is priced at 2,299 euros ($2,606). The
high price will quite seriously limit the market for the two products as it
makes them luxury buys.

According to our analysis and market forecasts, in 2019, the number of foldable
smartphones and tablets sold globally might reach 900,000, which might double in
2020. As a comparison, people globally bought 1.4 billion smartphones in 2018.
So unless the price of foldable phones falls sharply, the market will be limited
for the foreseeable future.

(China Daily 02/27/2019 page8)


                             356 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           February 26, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Huawei unfolds its foldable 5G phone

BYLINE: Cheng Yu and Ma Si

BODY:

Chinese tech companies are catching the spotlight at this year's Mobile World
Congress in Barcelona, Spain, as they raise the bar through unveiling
smartphones with cutting-edge designs and leading 5G technologies.

Huawei Technologies Co launched its first 5G foldable smartphone ahead of the
congress, the world's largest telecom industry gathering, which started on
Monday. The phone is seen as dealing a major blow to its rivals, Apple Inc and
Samsung Electronics Co, analysts said.

The gadget, priced at about $2,600, features a 6.6-inch display when folded,
which is just slightly larger than Apple's iPhone XS Max. When fully opened, it
becomes an 8-inch tablet.

Yu Chengdong, CEO of Huawei's consumer business group, said on Sunday that it
took three years for the company to perfect the folding phone's hinge, the most
challenging technical component.

"Combining 5G, the foldable screen, artificial intelligence and a brand-new
interface, we hope that Mate X will be the first key for consumers to open the
door to 5G smart living," he said.

"Mate X is quite impressive, with a sound design showcasing Huawei's
technological breakthroughs against its competitors," said Jia Mo, an analyst
from market research company Canalys.

Huawei's new device was made public several days after Samsung unveiled its
foldable smartphone Galaxy Fold.

"It is fair to say that Samsung's model marks a big innovation step, but
Huawei's foldable model marks three," said Vincent Ducrey, co-founder and CEO of
the HUB Institute, a Paris-based digital think tank.

It will, however, take some time for most consumers to get their hands on such
foldable screens, Jia from Canalys said.

According to GSMA, host of the conference, more than 2,400 companies from over
200 countries and regions are participating at this year's event.

The number of Chinese companies has been increasing in the past few years and is
expected to exceed 360 this year, according to GSMA officials.

At this year's fair, Chinese smartphone makers, including Huawei, Oppo, Xiaomi,
ZTE and OnePlus, will all present 5G phones or creative solutions, hoping to
bring Chinese innovations to the world stage.

Oppo, the country's leading smartphone vendor, announced a 5G smartphone ahead
of the mobile congress. Four foreign telecom carriers - Swisscom, Australia's
Telstra and Optus, and Singtel in Singapore - are expected to be the first to
sell the unnamed 5G phone.

Shen Yiren, vice-president of Oppo, said that the company is working with more
partners in the field in a bid to offer customers 5G smartphones as soon as
possible.

Oppo's products are available in more than 40 countries and regions. It will
roll out its 5G products in accordance with the speed of local carriers in
cooperatively building the ultrafast network.

Contact the writers at chengyu@chinadaily.com.cn

Yu Chengdong, CEO of Huawei's consumer business group, unveils Mate X, a
foldable 5G-ready smartphone, in Barcelona, Spain, on Sunday.Sergio Perez /
Reuters

(China Daily 02/26/2019 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/45/155114218207.jpg

00221917e13e1ddec6690c.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/36/155114218227.jpg

00221917e13e1ddec66d0d.jpg


                             357 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            February 25, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: New Zealand insists China ties still strong

BYLINE: Karl Wilson in Sydney

BODY:

New Zealand's relationship with China remains strong, although recent events and
controversies may pose fresh challenges, analysts said.

Beijing is its biggest trading partner, with two-way $19 billion trade in 2018

New Zealand's relationship with China remains strong, although recent events and
controversies may pose fresh challenges, analysts said.

Stephen Jacobi, executive director of the New Zealand China Council, said there
has been a lot of "wild rumors" recently of Air New Zealand aircraft being
turned around and Chinese tourists being discouraged to visit.

Recent headlines in local media, such as "NZ on the edge of historic fallout
with China" in the New Zealand Herald newspaper on Feb 20, highlighted the
extent of tensions.

Jacobi said the source of the Air New Zealand incident "was a problem (on Air
New Zealand's part) with the documentation". "The other things are down to wild
speculation," he added.

He insisted the relationship between China and New Zealand remains very strong.

"Both governments have, in recent days, repeated the importance of the bilateral
relationship and the need to balance it (the relationship) in these difficult
and complex geopolitical times. But that does not mean the Chinese government is
not concerned with some of the decisions we (New Zealand Government) have made
... They are."

Some of those decisions concern New Zealand's Strategic Defense policy statement
released at the end of last year, sparking some commentary that the policy was
an attempt to counter China's growing influence in the Pacific, even though
China was not named in the policy statement.

Then there was New Zealand government's decision to follow the United States and
Australia in banning Chinese telecoms giant Huawei from any involvement in the
rollout of 5G technology.

Despite these issues, Jason Young, director of the New Zealand Contemporary
China Research Centre at Victoria University in Wellington, said both
governments have stressed the importance of the relationship.

Different views

The New Zealand cabinet seems to have different views on the relationship.
During a speech in Washington in December, Foreign Minister Winston Peters
sought to "enlist greater US support in the region", specifically the Pacific
which, he said, had become more "contested and its security more fragile".

Although he did not name China, many commentators saw this as a blunt reference
to the country and its overtures or aid and infrastructure support to a number
of Pacific Island nations.

But Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern has confirmed recently that trade minister
David Parker would be attending a Belt and Road Initiative conference in Beijing
in April.

New Zealand signed a non-binding Memorandum of Arrangement with China on the BRI
in 2017 by the former government. Local media RNZ reported that Ardern said
progress was ongoing.

China is New Zealand's biggest trading partner, with two-way trade valued at
more than NZ$28 billion ($19 billion) in 2018. The Chinese are also New
Zealand's second largest and fastest growing tourism market, behind Australians,
with more than 400,000 visitors in 2016.

New Zealand is celebrating the "Year of Chinese Tourism" this year.

Moreover, China is its largest source of international students, with over
40,000 Chinese students enrolled in New Zealand in 2017, and is a significant
source of foreign investment.

Massey University professor Henry Chung, who specializes in international
marketing strategies, told the New Zealand Herald that the country faces a big
challenge in winning back the "hearts and minds" of the Chinese consumers,
especially when it comes to Huawei.

"There is a sense in China that Huawei has not been treated fairly," Chung told
the newspaper.

As in New Zealand, the concept of fair treatment is important to the Chinese, he
said. And the perception is that New Zealand is not giving one of its China's
biggest companies a fair go can have a detrimental effect on the willingness of
the Chinese to do business here.

Former New Zealand foreign minister Don McKinnon said the country's relationship
with China needs to be "resilient enough to stand the occasional disagreement or
disappointment".

"China sees us as a country which has its own interests at heart and one which
does not go out of its way to antagonize others," he said.

He said diplomacy, however, can go only so far in forging relationships between
nations. "True and resilient bonds are forged between ordinary citizens, face to
face, over many years."

karlwilson@chinadailyapac.com

(China Daily 02/25/2019 page11)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/71/155105567221.jpg

00221917e13e1ddd7bdc22.jpg


                             358 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            February 25, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Trump says no plans to 'artificially' ban 5G firms

BYLINE: Cheng Yu in Beijing and Zhao Huanxin in Washington

BODY:

US President Donald Trump said on Friday in Washington that he doesn't seek to
"artificially" block any company, including Huawei, from the US 5G market based
on excuses or security concerns.

The move came after Trump tweeted earlier that he wanted "5G, and even 6G,
technology in the United States as soon as possible."

"I want the United States to win through competition, not by blocking out
currently more-advanced technologies," Trump added.

Following Trump's comments, Hu Houkun, Huawei's rotating chairman said in the
tweet, "Huawei is always ready to help build a real 5G network in the US,
through competition."

Answering a question by China Daily, Trump explained what that part of his tweet
meant: "I'd like to have all companies be able to compete. I don't want to
artificially block people out based on excuses or based on security. I don't
want to have a security problem."

Asked if China's 5G technology leader Huawei is included among the companies,
Trump said, "I'm talking about everybody, really - including (Huawei)."

Trump said that he wants to have "great 5G".

"But I want to have competition with China, fair competition. I don't want to
block out anybody if we can help it."

Yu Chengdong, CEO of Huawei's consumer business, also forwarded the news in a
Chinese social media platform, saying that "it is fair competition that wins
cooperation and respect".

Li Junhui, a senior research fellow at China University of Political Science and
Law, said, "The latest words from both the US and Huawei are positive signals."

Huawei, the world's largest telecom equipment maker, has been steadily
increasing its 5G contracts despite difficulties it faces in some foreign
markets.

The firm has secured 30 5G contracts in overseas markets including Europe and
the Middle East. It had also shipped over 25,000 5G base stations to the world
by the end of last month, up from the 10,000 it disclosed in late December.

Contact the writers at chengyu@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 02/25/2019 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/62/155105567384.jpg

00221917e13e1ddd78a808.jpg


                             359 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            February 25, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Chinese brands ponder catchy names

BYLINE: He Wei in Shanghai

BODY:

The phenomenon of foreign brands swallowing up established local labels to make
inroads into the China market is coming full circle - Chinese brands are trying
to employ the same strategy overseas, confirming that names matter.

Local firms realize product and character alone won't suffice in overseas
markets

The phenomenon of foreign brands swallowing up established local labels to make
inroads into the China market is coming full circle - Chinese brands are trying
to employ the same strategy overseas, confirming that names matter.

Marketing guru Al Ries said: "While we all want to believe that names don't
matter, that what really matters is the strength of our character and the
quality of our product ... The reality is that names matter enormously."

Ries gained his fame by putting forward the positioning theory, which explains
why some brands outperform their peers even if their products are of similar
quality.

Attendees pass by a Huawei booth during the 2019 CES in Las Vegas, Nevada, the
United States. Reuters

A consumer makes a purchase at a Xiaomi store in Zagreb, capital of Croatia.
Xinhua

According to him, instead of focusing on the product per se, brands should be
aware that consumers use categories to store brands in their minds, and the
winning recipe lies in creating a new category and becoming the leading brand in
that category.

Over the years, he has been delving into the art of names and how they can
become a differenting factor in reshaping consumer minds and boost sales.

"Names can be persuasive and consumers assume names have literal meanings," he
said.

Agreed Xu Feifei, assistant partner at branding and marketing consultancy
Prophet, who believed that a name is usually the very first thing people
experience or encounter about a brand, making it perhaps the most important part
of its identity.

"A good name is a one-second invitation, hooking consumers' interest. It can be
a preview of the brand's promise, purpose and philosophy, or as simple as the
name of its founder, communicating what a brand is to the consumers," she said.

Ries pointed out that one critical barrier for Chinese companies to make a
genuine global takeoff is their names, which are generally difficult to
pronounce in countries that use the Latin alphabet.

"Today about 2.7 billion people, or 36 percent of the world's population, use
the Latin alphabet. So any brand that wants to become a global brand naturally
has to use a brand name that will work in the English language," he said.

But most Chinese companies use pinyin, or the official system for translating
Chinese words into the Latin alphabet. He listed a number of pinyin translations
that English-speaking population might find hard to pronounce: Xiaomi, Mengniu,
iQiyi to name just a few, even though some of them have reaped initial gains in
the global market.

Experts have mixed views on this issue. Xu said the competitive advantage in
global markets does not rely only on the Chinese name but comprehensive
offerings including products, services, and consumer experiences.

"Although pinyin may make some names difficult to pronounce for foreigners,
Huawei is a good example how a strong brand with strong consumer experience and
branding effort can cut through the clutter," she said.

But other studies on brand awareness seem to echo Ries' judgement. While revenue
that Chinese brands gain from overseas has increased significantly over the past
five years, Western consumers' awareness of and familiarity with them remain
relatively low, according to a research report from consultancy Kantar Millward
Brown.

Few Chinese brands have achieved meaningful success in developed markets, the
consultancy said. That is, competition against indigenous brands was not at
parity or premium prices.

"For instance, Huawei's cutting-edge phone, the P20, is up to 50 percent cheaper
than Apple and Samsung devices," said Tom Doctoroff, the chief cultural insights
officer at Prophet.

"Chinese brands are still product-driven, as seen in the innovative yet
discount-driven tech sector dominated by behemoths Alibaba, Tencent, Baidu and
JD," he said.

Ries believed that companies in China, Russia and other countries that do not
use the Latin alphabet actually do have a real advantage when they go global.

"Since their brand names have to be changed anyway, they can use names that work
much better on the global market than names that try to replicate the sounds of
their brands," he said.

A global brand does not necessarily have to be an English word, but it has to
"sound right" in the English language, as in the case of Nokia and Sony. But
being easy to pronounce is not the only requirement. Having the right
connotations is critical too.

"Take Snow Beer, the largest-selling Chinese beer brand for example. While it is
easy to spell and pronounce, nobody in the English-speaking world wants to drink
'snow', which means 'frozen water'," he said.

Ries believed that the secret to a successful brand name is to put the position
of the brand into the brand's name, as in the case of iPhone, which is
reminiscent of "internet phone", and Starbucks, a compound of the words "star"
and "bucks". The more connections any single word has in the mind, the more
memorable that word will become.

Name is important because a good name can help create a category and help the
brand secure the leading position in that category.

For example, many media outlets pointed out that Nikola Tesla invented many of
the most-important electrical concepts, such as the alternating current, the
electric motor and wireless transmission of energy. Therefore, the connection
between the Tesla brand and Nikola Tesla could lock Tesla the brand, with
electric vehicles, the category.

"But didn't General Motors, Ford and every other major automobile company in the
world also introduce electric vehicles? Sure, but they didn't give them
different brand names so consumers had no way of filing these names in their
minds," Ries said.

The inability to elevate products into brands capable of sustaining consumer
loyalty at premium prices is handicapped by deep-rooted cultural and structural
barriers, noted Doctoroff from Prophet, adding that empowered central marketing
units must be forged to escape the downward pull of commoditization.

hewei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 02/25/2019 page14)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/67/155105568379.jpg

a41f726719b21ddd73f811.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/23/155105568407.jpg

a41f726719b21ddd740512.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/62/155105568434.jpg

a41f726719b21ddd741715.jpg


                             360 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            February 25, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Chinese consumer tech a hit in Europe

BODY:

MADRID - Chinese mobile phones have become popular in Spain using a simple
formula: by being reliable, versatile, groundbreaking with high-end
specifications, and very affordable.

"Ever since I bought my first Xiaomi, I've never had the urge of trying out any
other brand. It just delivers everything I need and I like its reliability,"
said Eduardo Pena, a Xiaomi user.

Ou Wen is the Western Europe director for China's Xiaomi Corp. "We are very
popular in Spain because our customers realize that our products are innovative
at honest prices. Having good products, good quality and affordable prices makes
us popular not only in Spain but worldwide," Ou said.

Latest figures made public by the Chinese electronics company showed that its
exports to Western Europe grew 386 percent year-on-year in the third quarter of
2018.

"It's all about building a positive environment with our potential customers,"
said Ou at Xiaomi's Madrid office.

Huawei Technologies, a leading global provider of smart devices and information
and communications technology infrastructure, is making an even bigger stride in
Europe. In 2018, the company received orders for more than 200 million
smartphone units, setting a record by reaching a global market share of 14.6
percent.

"My phone works just perfectly. It has good specifications, a good camera and a
long battery life. All of that at a price I could afford," said Paula Perez, a
Huawei user in Spain.

Fernando Tello, a Spanish lawyer, spoke highly of "the main virtue" of his
Huawei phone.

"Battery life is what I'm after. Owing to my line of work, I spend long hours
speaking over the phone. And two years on, it's still running perfectly," he
said.

A 2018 study by Canalys, a leading global technology market analysis firm, found
that Xiaomi's market share in Spain was around 15 percent, and Huawei took up
over 20 percent.

Both Huawei and Xiaomi are planning to increase their sales in Spain, an
attractive and strategic market for them to further boost sales in Europe.

"We want to bring more innovation and more technology to our users, so that
everybody can enjoy it. We want to be useful to Spaniards," said Ou.

In Spain, thousands of users have chosen Chinese brands, thanks to their
performance.

"I've had mine for over two years and it runs so smoothly some people can't tell
its an older device. I love its camera. Sometimes I feel like I am using a
professional one, although I was a bit hesitant at first, due to not knowing
these brands well. They have definitely won me over with their reliability-cost
ratio," said Daniel Gonz[#xfffd][#xfffd]lez, a Huawei user.

Sources from Xiaomi said the main foundation of its strategy in such a
competitive market is its price policy, the key to its success.

"We always try to reach competitive figures. Taking into account what other
similar companies are doing, we try to offer the best specifications at the best
prices," said Ou.

But Xiaomi's success is not limited to smartphone sales, as it is also trying to
win over Spanish households with a wide array of products ranging from electric
scooters to wearables such as the "MiBand3", a fitness wristband that tracks
metrics for calorie consumption, heartbeat or distance walked.

"It is the best selling tracker in its market segment," Ou said with pride.

It is no wonder that Xiaomi is now boasting 20 official stores in Spain, not to
mention the 35 stores selling some of its products.

"Our stores are one of the cornerstones of our strategy. We currently have 20
stores, but more are coming, not just for sales, but also to improve our
efficiency. We want our customers to have the opportunity to touch and feel our
products," Ou said.

Huawei has announced to open some time this year two flagship stores in Madrid's
Gran Via and Barcelona's Plaza Cataluna, two of the most marketable locations in
Spain.

Nonetheless, Huawei's presence in Spain is not limited to phones as it is a
leading force in the setting up of 5G networks in the country.

"As leaders in development and innovation of 5G technology, we are playing our
part in this race, in a collaborative effort with telecom carriers by
contributing actively to the government's 5G plans and shaping talents so that
it can soon become a reality," said Tony Jin Yong, Huawei CEO, in Spain.

Xinhua

(China Daily 02/25/2019 page16)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/22/155105568623.jpg

a41f726719b21ddd74be1c.jpg


                             361 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           February 23, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Huawei to continue R&D investments in Canadian networks

BYLINE: Rena Li in Toronto

BODY:

Huawei is committed to increasing research and development investment and
collaboration with partners in Canada despite the potential ban on the company's
5G gear, according to Huawei Chairman Liang Hua.

Liang said that Huawei will add 200 high-paying research jobs, expand
investments in the sector by 15 percent, and change investment practices to
ensure that all intellectual property generated in collaboration with Canadian
institutions remains in that country.

"We will not change our approach on R&D investments, and we will continue to
step up our investment in Canada," said Liang. "We would like to work further
with our telecom partners in Canada."

As a global technology giant, Huawei has collaborated with Canada's three
largest telecom companies for a decade, spent millions to conduct research in
partnership with universities, and employed more than 1,100 people in Canada.

Yet a ban looms over Huawei efforts to build 5G (fifth-generation mobile)
infrastructure around Canada's new telecommunication grid.

Liang said Canada is an "open and inclusive place" to conduct business. "If
Huawei were to be excluded from the deployment of 5G in the country, then there
are still customers that will choose us. In that case, we will continue to
provide services to those customers that have chosen us," he said.

Liang recognized that the current relationship between China and Canada is "not
ideal" since Huawei's senior executive Meng Wanzhou was reportedly arrested by
Canadian police at the request of the United States in December.

But he said the arrest of a senior executive on US charges is "not common and
rare", and he could not comment whether the charges against Meng were
"politically driven".

"I believe she is innocent, and I hope that the Canadian legal system will bring
her justice. She can be freed and reunited with her family soon, but I am not a
lawyer, so I can't comment on the substance of the case," he said.

Responding to talks about Huawei's military roots, Liang stressed that Huawei is
a 100 percent privately owned company. "It is owned by 97,000-plus employees.
There isn't any other organization holding even 1 percent of the company's
shares," he said.

Canada is considering whether to allow Huawei to supply equipment to its 5G
networks. Some Canadian allies have imposed restrictions, citing the risk of
espionage.

Liang said that the further development of the economy is based on free trade,
and he hopes that the decision on 5G can be made based on "technology", instead
of "other factors".

"In the short term, there might be some political influence which will affect
our business, but in the long run, we still believe that the tide of
technological progress is irresistible. If we look around the history of
evolution, we definitely can see the social progress brought about by
technology," he said.

Huawei's leading position in 5G is largely attributable to its investments and
dedicated efforts in technology innovation and R&D since 2009, Liang said.

"Moving forward, we will face the challenge and overcome the difficulties,"
Liang said, adding that he had "faith" in political leaders "to make smart
decisions... and not let good technology go to waste."

Huawei also pledged to work with local partners throughout Canada to provide
affordable solutions for connectivity, especially in rural locations.

For instance, a recently announced trial with ABC Communications will see the
implementation of its rural broadband technology (Massive MIMO) in Lac La Hache,
British Columbia.

renali@chinadailyusa.com

(China Daily 02/23/2019 page5)


                             362 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           February 23, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: No block to future a smarter approach

BODY:

Time and tide wait for no one. And neither does technology as we rush pell-mell
toward a brave new world of artificial intelligence and things talking to
things.

And there is much to be gained, economically and otherwise, by being able to
rule this much-heralded smart roost.

As the White House has put it: In the information age, the nation that leads the
world in wireless technology wins.

Which is why it has been trying to incapacitate China's 5G technology leader
Huawei.

Even though, as Andreas Maierhofer, the CEO of T-Mobile Poland, said at a news
conference on Thursday, excluding Huawei, which is the market leader in 5G
technology, will delay the ushering in of next generation wireless networks.

Which is why the United Kingdom, New Zealand and Germany have snubbed
Washington's invitation to join it in its efforts to debilitate Huawei. It is
not, as the United States seems to believe, because of its allies' lack of
allegiance, but rather their practical needs to embrace the new technology, for
which the United States can offer no substitute provider.

That Washington cannot recommend any US companies that can step into the breach
is a cause of extreme concern to it, and that is at the heart of its complaints
against Huawei and its attacks on China's technology and innovation drive.

However, against this background of competition, it seems the intensive
discussions between the US and China over the past two and a half months, may
have enabled the US to heed at least a little reason. On Thursday, US President
Donald Trump set out a more fair-minded approach by tweeting that the US should
win leadership in 5G through competition, "not by blocking out currently more
advanced technologies".

Although it is perhaps too early to anticipate an end to the US attacks on
Huawei, the tweet is an encouraging sign to all parties that change might be in
the air.

Hopefully, having realized that fair competition is better than resorting to
underhand tricks to hobble a rival, Washington will be able to go one step
further, and turn what it views as a crisis into what it really is - an
opportunity to strengthen cooperation in technology and innovation with
countries, including China, so as to create new impetus for shared development
and mutual benefits.

As the world stands ready to step across the threshold into the world of 5G;
this is no time to be squabbling over who goes first, countries should embrace
the imminent arrival of ubiquitous connectivity as an opportune time to become
closer to one another rather than turning it into a divisive moment.

However, that is to optimistically look ahead and still far removed from things
as they stand, because until there is some noticeable convergence between the
sentiment in Trump's tweet and his administration's practice, Huawei is likely
to remain disappointed even in its hope for "real competition", never mind
cooperation.

(China Daily 02/23/2019 page4)


                             363 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           February 23, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Poll: 61% say politics fuels anti-Huawei campaign

BYLINE: Zhou Jin

BODY:

Politics should not be the motivation for the United States to try to crush
Chinese companies including Huawei, as was shown by a poll conducted by CNN,
analysts said.

About 61 percent of the respondents said they thought that the US global
campaign against Huawei is politically motivated, according to a CNN online poll
on Wednesday.

As for the reason for the moves against Huawei, 24 percent of respondents chose
"security", 13 percent "business", and the remaining 2 percent "something else",
according to the poll.

The poll shows that the public has a clear and accurate understanding of the
intent behind the moves, said Li Haidong, a professor of US studies at China
Foreign Affairs University.

"Some people in the US fabricated excuses in the Huawei case to deliberately
suppress Chinese high-tech companies," Li said.

Senior US officials have recently kept telling American allies that using Huawei
equipment would undermine their national security, and could also affect their
partnership with the US.

US President Donald Trump tweeted on Thursday that he wants 5G, and even 6G,
technology in the US as soon as possible, and he also hopes the US will win
through competition, rather than by blocking currently more advanced
technologies.

In response to his remarks, Ken Hu, deputy and chairman of Huawei, said on
Twitter, "We are ready to help build a real 5G network in the US, through real
competition."

Yuan Zheng, an expert on the US at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, said
that Trump's remarks are positive gestures, but the US needs more actions than
words to show sincerity.

He added that China and the US should focus more on cooperation in areas
including infrastructure, finance and security.

Li said competition in 5G should be fair and nonpolitical, and decisions on
using Huawei should be based on market principles and technological strength.

According to a recent report by the BBC, a British cybersecurity watchdog
decided that any risk posed by Huawei in the country's telecoms projects can be
managed.

New Zealand's Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern said on Tuesday that Huawei has
never been excluded from the construction of the country's 5G network.

Germany is leaning toward letting Huawei participate in building the nation's
high-speed internet infrastructure, according to The Wall Street Journal.

The Chinese Foreign Ministry has repeatedly rejected the US position on Huawei,
saying that China hopes all countries will abide by the principle of fair
competition and jointly safeguard a fair and nondiscriminatory market
environment.

Xinhua contributed to this story.

zhoujin@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 02/23/2019 page1)


                             364 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            February 22, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Flexible display firms eye foldable bonanza

BYLINE: Fan Feifei

BODY:

Domestic flexible display panel makers are set to witness explosive growth in
the next few years as leading smartphone vendors ramp up efforts to roll out new
products like foldable phones to bolster sagging fortunes.

Domestic demand set to surge as more users shift to portable, bigger devices

Domestic flexible display panel makers are set to witness explosive growth in
the next few years as leading smartphone vendors ramp up efforts to roll out new
products like foldable phones to bolster sagging fortunes.

Buoyed by the prospects, companies are already scaling up capacities in segments
like flexible screens used for mobile devices and smart wearables, according to
industry sources. These include active matrix/organic light-emitting diodes or
AMOLEDs and organic light-emitting diodes used for displays.

BOE Technology Group Co Ltd, a Beijing-based supplier of display products and
solutions, said in December that it is planning to build a new sixth-generation
flexible AMOLED production line in Fuzhou, Fujian province, with a total
investment of 46.5 billion yuan ($6.9 billion).

"The flexible AMOLED display brings more possibilities to a phone's appearance,"
said Zhang Yu, senior vice-president of BOE.

AMOLEDs are more flexible with faster responses, high contrast and wide visual
angles, compared to traditional liquid crystal display, or LCD, panels. But they
are in short supply and hence have huge market potential, due to the absence of
competition.

BOE has three sixth-generation flexible AMOLED production lines at present. It
started mass production of the panels from its facility in Chengdu, Sichuan
province, in October 2017. The panels have already been used by more than 10
smartphone manufacturers including Huawei Technologies Co Ltd, Oppo Electronics
Corp, Vivo Mobile Communication Technology Co, Xiaomi Corp, ZTE Corp and Nubia
Technology Co Ltd.

The company's second line in Mianyang, Sichuan province, is set to start mass
production this year, while work on the third facility commenced in Chongqing
last year.

While companies are bullish about market prospects, industry analysts remained
guarded on the prospects for foldable products.

According to CITIC Securities, 2019 will be the first year of application for
foldable and flexible screens and OLED panel shipments will cross 1 million
units. However, companies may still face considerable challenges as steep prices
could affect popularity.

IHS Markit, another market research firm, expects BOE to be the world's largest
supplier of AMOLED display panels this year, with shipments of foldable panels
set to reach 50 million by 2025.

The optimism has already led to a surge in the prices of OLED-related stocks,
such as BOE, Visionox Co Ltd, Lingyi iTech, Triumph Science and Technology, with
most of the shares hitting the daily price limits.

South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd currently dominates the
global AMOLED sector, with a 90 percent market share.

However, experts say LCD screens would still be the main revenue driver for
companies. Although OLED products will see rapid growth, around 60 to 70 percent
of the existing mobile phones still use LCD screens. It will still take some
time for foldable devices to gain traction, they said.

Wu Shuyuan, an analyst at Beijing-based market research firm Sigmaintell
Consulting, said: "Shipments of domestically-made flexible AMOLED screens are
still in the initial stages. Companies need to improve their yield rate
capacities and reduce production costs."

Wu said sales of foldable devices would be hampered by the supply chain, costs
and other factors, thereby restricting them to a niche market.

Visionox, another OLED-focused company, has two sixth-generation flexible AMOLED
display screen production lines in Gu'an, Hebei province, and Hefei in Anhui
province.

The company, which provides flexible screens for smartphone maker Xiaomi Corp's
new foldable phone, was carved out of the OLED research team at Tsinghua
University and has been engaged in the sector for more than two decades. Its
AMOLED display screen production line in Gu'an, which involved an investment of
nearly 30 billion yuan, went into operation last year. It can turn out 30,000
glass substrates (1,500 mm by 1,850 mm) every month, and meet the highend,
foldable screen demand for 90 million smartphones.

Visionox started building its second production line in Hefei in December. "The
new line, with an investment of 44 billion yuan, will have a monthly capacity of
30,000 substrates, similar to our first line in Hebei," said Yang Shujuan,
general manager at Visionox's brand center.

Yang said with the development of 5G, the internet of things and artificial
intelligence, the flexible AMOLEDs will have wider application, such as in
smartphones, computers, smart wearables, vehicles, smart homes, virtual reality
and augmented reality.

"Flexible AMOLED screens will be everywhere in the future." Demand for foldable
phones is huge as they have large screens and are portable, she said.

"Visionox will focus on independent innovation and team with other companies in
the industrial chain to produce flexible products, which include but are not
limited to curved surfaces, and folding devices," Yang said.

Samsung unveiled its foldable display phones on Wednesday, four days earlier
than its rival Huawei Technologies Co Ltd.

Ha Jiqing, a senior analyst from Beijing-based consultancy All View Cloud, said:
"Sales of foldable phones will not be very high this year as companies are just
testing the product. We will have to wait and see if consumers adapt to such
phones."

Higher power consumption by the large screen will affect the battery life.
Moreover, the hinge, a mechanical design that allows the flexible panel to fold
and unfold is expensive, said Ha.

fanfeifei@chinadaily.com.cn

DJ Koh, president and CEO of the IT and Mobile Communications division at
Samsung Electronics, unveils the new Samsung Galaxy Fold smartphone in San
Francisco, the United States, on Wednesday. AP

(China Daily 02/22/2019 page16)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/94/155079657495.jpg

a41f726b05111dd98e3325.jpg


                             365 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            February 22, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Big data to reshape economic landscape

BYLINE: Fan Feifei

BODY:

Core industries in China's big data sector could earn more than 720 billion yuan
($106.3 billion) this year, said a report on the sector's outlook from think
tank CCID.

China's big data sector will witness 25 to 30 percent growth in 2019,
facilitating the transformation and upgrading of regional economic structures,
the report said.

Apart from East China where the sector is flourishing, Southwest China's Sichuan
and Guizhou provinces and Chongqing municipality are expected to be
front-runners for new growth, according to the report.

As part of the development of the digital economy, China is accelerating the
integration of big data and the real economy, said Wei Kai, a researcher with
the China Academy of Information and Communication Technology.

Wei said the development of big data in China is still unbalanced, such as
unbalanced business types and uneven geographical distribution.

To maximize the use of big data, the country should make efforts to establish
all-in-one big data platforms and effective mechanisms for data management, Wei
added.

Officials in Guizhou province said they will boost the output value of big data,
electronic information and other industries to over 100 billion yuan this year,
as well as accelerate the development of intelligent terminal manufacturing and
supporting facilities.

It will also focus on the development of electronic components and materials,
and foster the development of integrated circuits and new display industries.

Since 2015, China International Big Data Industry Expo has been held for four
times in Guiyang, capital city of Guizhou province. Last year, the expo
attracted over 40,000 participants from nearly 30 countries.

As China's first big data pilot zone, the mountainous province of Guizhou has
attracted heavyweight firms, including Apple, Qualcomm, Huawei, Tencent, Alibaba
and Foxconn, to establish cloud computing and big data centers as well as
regional headquarters.

In addition, Hunan has formulated six measures to boost the big data industry,
such as cultivating enterprises engaged in big data industry, as well as
promoting research and development and innovative applications of big data
technologies and products.

The sales revenue of big data industry in Hunan is expected to surpass 100
billion yuan by 2021, with a compound annual growth rate of over 30 percent in
the next three years, according to the local authority.

A booming digital economy is reshaping China's economic landscape as technology
such as artificial intelligence, big data and cloud computing revives
traditional industries and casts new light on high-quality development.

China's big data sector aims to increase its annual sales to 1 trillion yuan by
2020 from an estimated 280 billion yuan in 2015, said a plan released by the
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology.

Xinhua contributed to the story.

Customers check prices of food products on a touch screen at a supermarket in
Hangzhou, Zhejiang province. Long Wei / For China Daily

(China Daily 02/22/2019 page16)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/3/155079657537.jpg

a41f726b05111dd98e5f26.jpg


                             366 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            February 22, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Merkel's slap down of US stance reveals allies' growing rift

BYLINE: Chen Weihua

BODY:

US leaders are used to lecturing the world, including their European allies. But
when Vice-President Mike Pence tried to do that at the Munich Security
Conference last weekend, he was taught a hard lesson that he might not forget
for the rest of his life.

After criticizing European leaders for sticking to the 2015 Iran nuclear deal
and for trying to bypass the US sanctions on Iran, Pence arrogantly demanded in
Munich that the European Union and its key members, Germany, France and the
United Kingdom, quit the deal.

He also pressed European nations to ban Huawei in their 5G network development
and to stop buying arms and energy from Russia. "We cannot ensure the defense of
the West if our allies grow dependent on the East," Pence said.

However, his "America First" talk was met with a cold shoulder from the
audience, as reflected in their silence when Pence was expecting applause. The
deafening silence spoke volumes about Europeans' disapproval of many of the
policies and practices of the current United States administration despite the
many headaches within the EU, from Brexit to rising populism.

I am not sure if Pence listened to the speech by German Chancellor Angela
Merkel, in which she delivered a sharp critique of US foreign policy.

Her passionate call for win-win cooperation and multilateralism contrasted
sharply with Pence's dark worldview, full of hateful, confrontational and Cold
War bluster.

Merkel said that Europe had learned a lesson from World War II and Nazi history,
and that even though international multilateral forums may be slow or arduous,
she was convinced that the US should put itself in the other person's shoes, and
try to forge win-win situations rather than trying to solve issues on its own.

To Merkel, the US is pulling the world, especially Europe, back to the Cold War
by pulling out of the Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces Treaty, a treaty signed
in 1987 between the US and the Soviet Union and regarded as a major step toward
ending the Cold War.

Merkel did not hide her outrage when she warned that "for us Europeans the
really bad news of this year is the cancellation of the INF Treaty" and "the
answer can't lie in a blind race to build more weapons", a reference to
Washington's threat "to develop our own military response options" and "to deny
Russia any military advantage."

Merkel's words were greeted with a standing ovation from the audience. Many of
them were happy to see that a European leader was finally standing up to
Washington instead of remaining silent and following it blindly.

It was not a good week for Pence, who traveled to Europe and met his Waterloo
while trying to force Europe to take orders from Washington. It was also a
debacle for his tireless efforts to defame Huawei and coerce European nations
which plan to use Huawei in their 5G networks.

Just two days after his speech, the Financial Times reported that the UK Cyber
Security Center concluded that any alleged risk from using Huawei's equipment is
manageable.

At the same time, it was a week of waking up for Europe, and many nations around
the world, with the realization that they should make their own decisions,
instead of being dictated to by Washington as they have been for decades.

The author is chief of China Daily EU Bureau based in Brussels.

chenweihua@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 02/22/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/9/155079657857.jpg

00221917e13e1dd9818d22.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/92/155079657878.jpg

00221917e13e1dd9819223.jpg


                             367 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            February 22, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Australia's anti-China stance proves fertile ground for racism

BODY:

Except for himself, no one knows what triggered Australian Nationals' senator
Barry O'Sullivan's outburst of racial invective against the Chinese on Tuesday.
During a Senate estimates hearing over the proposed Biosecurity Imports Levy in
Canberra, O'Sullivan declared that "some bloody old Chinaman" bringing in "his
favorite sausage down the front of his undies" poses more risk to Australia's
biosecurity than levy-paying importers.

Such disgusting remarks, which are definitely unacceptable in any civilized
society, have naturally sparked the "sternest" condemnation from the Chinese
embassy in Australia. Even the Australian Human Rights Commission's race
discrimination commissioner has termed O'Sullivan's comments as "racially
derogatory", and said they would be "offensive and insulting to many
Australians, including more than 1.2 million Australians of Chinese heritage".

But this is not the first time that O'Sullivan has courted controversy with such
offensive remarks. He has previously been criticized for making sexist comments
about a Greens senator, and sparked outrage for voicing an "appalling and
offensive" slur against people with autism. The fact that the prejudiced
politician can continue staging ugly political stunts by going to the extremes
throughout the years is a disgrace to democracy, and reflects an ugly side of
Australia's political culture.

But it is not completely coincidental that racial filth like that made by
O'Sullivan should make its way into Australia's major political arena.
Canberra's increasingly anti-China stance, especially after it introduced
national security laws to guard against what it perceives as China's growing
influence in Australia's politics, academia and media, has certainly fanned
xenophobia that targets China and the Chinese people.

Australia's decision to block Chinese telecommunications giant Huawei from
supplying equipment to its 5G broadband network, and allusions by some
Australian media and politicians that China is the "state actor" behind the
recent hacking of the networks of Australia's major political parties indicate
how closely Canberra is trying to toe the line set by Washington, even at the
cost of its relations with China.

This sounds absurd to any person of reason, for China has never done any harm
and poses no threat to Australia. As its largest trading partner, China is the
top importer of Australia's iron ore, liquefied natural gas and many other
resources, which is mutually beneficial to the economic growth of both
countries.

Given his outrageous political history, it might not be realistic to expect
O'Sullivan to mend his ways and behave civilly. But it is still not too late for
Canberra to rethink its policy toward China to avoid causing more damage to
bilateral relations.

(China Daily 02/22/2019 page8)


                             368 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           February 21, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Xiaomi aims to upgrade its smartphone offerings

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Xiaomi Corp is intensifying its efforts in the premium segment, as it works hard
to introduce high-end components and engineering techniques to its latest
smartphone models in order to rival players such as Huawei Technologies Co Ltd.

Lei Jun, founder and CEO of Xiaomi, said the Mi 9, the model unveiled on
Wednesday, starts from 2,999 yuan ($447), a shift from its previous flagship
smartphones which were priced around 1,999 yuan.

"Delivering cost-effective products has been an important ingredient of Xiaomi's
success, but it could be somewhat a hurdle to the company's future development,"
Lei said at the launch event in Beijing.

"We will continue pursuing extremely good experiences and engineering techniques
with the Mi brand by focusing on middle-to-high range smartphones. Meanwhile,
the independent brand Red Mi is positioned to carry on making cost-effective
handsets," Lei said.

The Mi 9 is likely to be Xiaomi's last flagship model priced under 3,000 yuan,
he said, indicating that the company will climb even higher in the price range
in the future.

Xiaomi said it spent 4 billion yuan on research and development from January to
September in 2018.

In the fourth quarter of 2018, the Beijing-based company was ranked as the
fourth largest vendor in China, with its shipments down to 10.3 million units
from 15.9 million units a year earlier, according to market research company
International Data Corp.

Xiaomi's diversified strategy came as China's smartphone market and the global
market reach saturation point, with overall shipments declining for consecutive
quarters.

Against this backdrop, a string of local players are gearing up to expand their
presence in high-end markets which are now generating more profits. Vivo, for
instance, unveiled its new brand iQOO whose price is likely to exceed 5,000
yuan.

Jia Mo, an analyst at market research company Canalys, said there is still big
potential in the premium smartphone segment. Although smartphone sales in China
declined 14 percent in 2018, the segment priced above $600, on the contrary,
jumped 10 percent as consumers switch to better models.

"The starting price of 2,999 yuan already marks a big step forward for Xiaomi in
raising its average price. But given that Xiaomi's users are more
price-sensitive, it may take one or two years for the company to really gain a
presence in the premium segment," Jia added.

The Mi 9 is equipped with Qualcomm Inc's latest high-end chipset Snapdragon 855,
three rear cameras and fast wireless charging.

To cushion the possible negative impact of the price increase on sales, Xiaomi
on Wednesday also unveiled a smaller-screen version, the Mi 9 SE, at a starting
price of 1,999 yuan.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 02/21/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/22/155071032349.jpg

a41f726719b21dd82a2410.jpg


                             369 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           February 21, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Shanghai raises the curtain as China begins its rollout of 5G

BYLINE: Li Yang

BODY:

CHINA MOBILE AND HUAWEI JOINTLY ANNOUNCED on Monday that they have begun
installing a 5G digital system at the Shanghai Hongqiao Railway Station, a major
railway hub that handles 60 million passengers every year, and the project will
be finished by the end of this year. China Daily reporter Li Yang comments:

The US administration has exhausted every means to block Huawei around the
world. Against this backdrop, the installing of the world's first 5G digital
indoor system in one of the world's busiest railway stations demonstrates
China's resolve to promote the application of 5G technology will not be swayed
by any external disturbances.

The system will meet the demand of passengers for high-speed connectivity and
markedly improve their traveling experience. It is also an important step
Shanghai has taken to build a smart city. The rollout of 5G technologies will
motivate and inspire technology companies to pursue new innovations.

As long as Huawei remains one of the most advanced players in the industry,
there is no way the United States can crush it. Since it is a pioneer in 5G, it
will always be able to find business opportunities in the global market. Or to
put it another way, customers will always be able to seek out the best product
and service providers.

As Huawei founder and Chairman Ren Zhengfei said in a recent interview with BBC:
"That Washington targets and finds fault with Huawei has forced the company to
improve its products and services....The US does not represent the world. If the
lights go out in the West, the East will still shine."

Washington's efforts to crush Huawei will only backfire and hurt the interests
of the US at last.

In the globalization era, responsible governments should join hands to promote
technology innovation and the spread of new technologies, which is in line with
the common interests of all humans, and is also necessary to cope with the
common challenges confronting the world.

(China Daily 02/21/2019 page8)


                             370 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                          February 20, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Accurate understanding of intelligence law urged

BYLINE: Mo Jingxi

BODY:

Beijing on Tuesday again urged relevant parties to understand China's National
Intelligence Law in a comprehensive and accurate manner instead of a one-sided
interpretation that is out of context.

"I wonder whether people who criticized this law or its specific stipulations
have ever read the provisions of this law carefully?" Foreign Ministry spokesman
Geng Shuang said at a regular news conference in Beijing.

Geng said that while Article 7 does require organizations and citizens to
support the work of national intelligence within Chinese law, Article 8 also
stipulates that state intelligence should abide by laws, respect and protect
human rights and safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of individuals
and organizations.

This is the second time in two days that the ministry responded to some Western
countries' recent accusations over China's National Intelligence Law.

US Vice-President Mike Pence said in a speech at the Munich Security Conference
on Saturday that the United States has been clear with its security partners on
the threat posed by Huawei and other Chinese telecom companies, as Chinese law
requires them to provide Beijing's vast security apparatus with access to any
data that touches their network or equipment.

Geng rejected Pence's remarks on Monday, saying relevant remarks made by the US
are just a wrong and biased interpretation of Chinese law.

"It is an internationally accepted practice to protect national security through
legislation and require organizations and individuals to coordinate with a
country's intelligence service," he said at a news conference on Monday.

According to Geng, there are similar laws in the "Five Eyes" alliance countries,
namely the US, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and New Zealand, and other
Western countries including France and Germany.

He also noted that there are many provisions in other Chinese laws that protect
the legitimate rights and interests of organizations and individuals, including
data security and the right to privacy.

"These stipulations also apply to intelligence-related work," Geng said.

Yang Jiechi, a member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China
Central Committee, said China has no law requiring companies to install "back
doors" or collect foreign intelligence.

Yang, who is also director of the Office of the Foreign Affairs Commission of
the CPC Central Committee, made the remark on Saturday while attending the
Munich Security Conference.

Some countries should show confidence in their own technologies and respect for
the willingness of other countries to develop cooperation with Chinese
enterprises, he said, adding that he believed that the people of European
countries have the wisdom to distinguish what is really in their own interests
and not to be confused by unfounded rumors.

mojingxi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 02/20/2019 page3)


                             371 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           February 19, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Hounding of Huawei a lowdown dirty trick

BODY:

In a slap in the face for the United States, which is seeking a blanket ban by
European countries on equipment provided by the Chinese telecommunications
company Huawei, the British intelligence service has determined that using
Huawei equipment does not pose a security threat.

Any possible risks arising from using Huawei technologies in 5G networks can be
mitigated, according to a Financial Times report citing two sources familiar
with the conclusion of Britain's National Cyber Security Centre.

In addition, the NCSC has never found evidence of malicious Chinese state cyber
activity through Huawei despite repeated US accusations to that effect.

It is encouraging to hear some reason amid the jibber-jabber of US
fearmongering. At the Munich Security Conference, US Vice-President Mike Pence
on Saturday once again spuriously urged US allies to take seriously "the threat"
posed by Huawei and other Chinese telecoms companies and exclude them from their
markets.

But even if it is repeated a thousand times or more, a lie will remain a lie.
Indeed, more countries have come to realize that the US assertions that Chinese
5G network technology presents unacceptable security risks are pure nonsense,
and the US targeting Huawei has nothing to do with security concerns, but
because it finds it hard to come to terms with China becoming a global tech
power.

The White House released its mission statement in October last year, declaring
"America will win the global race to 5G". And it is clear that it is prepared to
go to any lengths to force others off the track so it can reach the finish line
first.

Huawei is leading the development of 5G, while US companies are lagging behind
in the competition. Huawei not only offers superior hardware, but also at lower
price, which explains why it has shipped more than 10,000 5G base stations
worldwide - and why it has become the target for Washington's dirty tricks.

With customers in 170 countries and regions, telecoms network operators
worldwide have every reason to worry that excluding Huawei from market
competition will disrupt the supply of equipment, increase costs to carriers and
customers, and delay the rollout of next-generation 5G services.

That's why the GSM Association, which represents the interests of mobile network
operators around the world, has called on European governments to join its
members in establishing a testing regime to find out for themselves if Huawei
poses any security threat, rather than be duped into joining the
Washington-orchestrated hounding of Huawei.

The latest message from Britain's cyber security center should encourage
European governments and mobile operators to base their decisions related to
Huawei on technical expertise and evidence-based appraisal of risk, instead of
ideological mania.

(China Daily 02/19/2019 page8)


                             372 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           February 19, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Huawei's 5G prospects brightened by UK report

BYLINE: Ma Si and Cheng Yu

BODY:

The United Kingdom's reported conclusion that any alleged risk from using Huawei
equipment is manageable is expected to help the Chinese company secure more
votes of confidence from European countries, dealing a blow to US efforts to
discourage its allies from using the company's products in 5G telecom networks,
experts said on Monday.

The comments came after Financial Times reported on Monday that The UK National
Cyber Security Centre had determined that there are ways to limit potential
risks from using Huawei in future 5G ultrafast networks.

Wang Yanhui, secretary-general of the Mobile China Alliance, said once it was
reported that the UK had made a decision, other countries may follow suit in
using Huawei equipment as they roll out next-generation wireless technology.

Wang said the UK is in a better position than the United States to judge whether
Huawei poses security risks, for it has a monitoring body that has been checking
the company's products for years.

Huawei, the world's largest telecom equipment maker, has been steadily
increasing its 5G contracts despite alleged safety concerns it faces in some
markets, including the US.

Robert Hannigan, former head of the UK's Government Communications Headquarters,
one of Britain's intelligence arms, said in an opinion article in Financial
Times that the West should put an end to "hysteria" over Chinese technology.

The key point is that "the NCSC has never found evidence of malicious Chinese
state cyber activity through Huawei", Hannigan wrote.

Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang also said on Monday that China expects
the UK will maintain its openness and work with China to bring more benefits to
its people.

The Chinese government always encourages enterprises to follow market principles
and international rules and abide by local laws while conducting overseas
economic cooperation, Geng said at a regular news briefing.

On Monday, Huawei unveiled its first 5G digital indoor system at Shanghai
Hongqiao Railway Station in partnership with China Mobile. The move aims to
achieve deep indoor 5G coverage within the whole station by the end of 2019,
exploring the possibilities of using the superfast 5G in railway operations and
bringing new kinds of experiences to passengers.

According to industry insiders, most 5G base stations are outdoors. With 5G DIS,
the 5G network can be applied to almost every scenario, covering every corner of
the city.

At the launch event, Huawei and China Mobile Shanghai demonstrated the
performance enabled by 5G DIS, which has a peak download speed of 1.2 gigabits
per second.

That means that using the system, passengers will be able to download a
2-gigabyte high-definition movie in less than 20 seconds. It will also reshape
passengers' experience when they wait, board and ride trains.

Peter Zhou of Huawei Wireless Network Product Line said 5G will also provide a
big boost to cloud services. "Future railway stations could be more intelligent
than imagined in China."

China's telecom carriers are conducting trial operations of 5G in dozens of
cities for pre-commercial applications, aiming to fully commercialize the
superfast technology in 2020.

China is expected to have 576 million 5G users by 2025, or over 40 percent of
the global usage, according to a report released by global consultancy EY.

Zhou Jin contributed to this story.

(China Daily 02/19/2019 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/51/155053727762.jpg

00221917e13e1dd586e50d.jpg


                             373 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            February 18, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: US increasingly isolated denying trend of the times

BODY:

When German Chancellor Angela Merkel said, "the question now is: do we fall
apart into pieces of a puzzle and think everyone can solve the question best for
himself alone?" she was denouncing the unilateralism the United States has been
pursuing since 2016.

Speaking at the Munich Security Conference on Saturday, she called on the United
States to put itself in other countries' shoes and to pursue win-win solutions
together.

That the warm applause she received was absent after the address by US
Vice-President Mike Pence speaks volumes about how unwelcome the unilateralist
policies the US has adopted are.

The US has withdrawn from the multilateral nuclear deal with Iran, announced it
is quitting the Paris Agreement on climate change and repeatedly pointed
accusing fingers at China, even its own allies, on anything it considers to be
not in its own favor.

The US administration refers to the unilateral and isolationist policies it is
pursuing with the euphemism "America First", and Pence tried to claim that "does
not mean America alone". But the US is becoming increasingly isolated as it
stands against the trend for cooperation in pursuit of shared peace and
prosperity.

Instead of solving the common problems the world is facing, the US is standing
on the wrong side of history trying to dictate to other countries in a hegemonic
manner what they should do.

It seems as if it believes it is the very source of justice and fairness and
thus entitled to lead the world in whatever manner it pleases. It is with this
mentality that it wields the baton of sanctions against any country that it
considers to be defying its will, or raises tariffs on imports from any country
when it feels it is losing the trade competition with that country.

Wherever the US exerts its unilateral policies in the world, the situation is
sure to become chaotic.

The situation in the Middle East has become much more volatile and complicated
since the US withdrew from the Iran nuclear deal.

It is increasing its pressure on the European Union to cut off its relations
with Russia, which if the EU does, will increase the uncertainties and pose a
threat to the stability of Europe.

Meanwhile the trade frictions it has instigated with China have seriously
affected the development of the global economy. Its persistent persuasion of its
allies not to use the equipment and services of China's telecoms giant Huawei
Technologies Co Ltd for their 5G networks not only blocks the development of
this world telecoms equipment maker. It will also have a negative impact on the
development of the next generation telecoms network worldwide as the entire
supply chain in this sector will be jeopardized.

Given the uncertainties the world faces, just as Chinese top diplomat Yang
Jiechi said at the conference, the world needs multilateralism and cooperation
more than at any other time. The world will only have more problems if
unilateralism is not contained.

(China Daily 02/18/2019 page8)


                             374 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            February 18, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Challenges require joint global efforts

BYLINE: Cao Desheng

BODY:

Pursuing international cooperation, multilateralism and a community with a
shared future for mankind represents the right way forward to cope with global
challenges, a senior Chinese official has said.

China's pledge of multilateralism, shared growth made at annual Munich meeting

Pursuing international cooperation, multilateralism and a community with a
shared future for mankind represents the right way forward to cope with global
challenges, a senior Chinese official has said.

Yang Jiechi, a member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China
Central Committee, made the remarks in a key speech on Saturday at the three-day
55th Munich Security Conference, which concluded in Munich, Germany, on Sunday.

Multilateralism provides an effective way of upholding peace and promoting
development, and the world needs multilateralism now more than ever, said Yang,
who is also director of the Office of the Foreign Affairs Commission of the CPC
Central Committee.

China consistently holds that the United Nations is the symbol of
multilateralism, and the role of the UN in international affairs must be
defended and the multilateral trading system with the World Trade Organization
at its core must be upheld, he said.

The China-proposed Belt and Road Initiative creates opportunities and benefits
for all countries and serves the common interests of humanity, and it is an
important pathway toward building a community with a shared future for mankind,
Yang added.

He called for building partnerships through mutual respect, upholding universal
security through mutual support, fostering global development and prosperity via
win-win cooperation and improving global governance through reform and
innovation.

Yang's remarks came as this year's MSC was overshadowed by global challenges
resulting from rising unilateralism, which has posed threats to the
international order established after World War II.

The whole world order appears to be falling apart - nothing is as it once was,
MSC Chairman Wolfgang Ischinger writes in an article published on the official
website of the forum.

German Chancellor Angela Merkel warned at the conference on Saturday against the
collapse of the global political structure and hailed multilateralism and
cooperation in dealing with global challenges.

When answering questions about the China-United States relationship after
addressing the conference, Yang said the important consensus reached by the two
heads of state should be implemented to develop bilateral relations based on
coordination, cooperation and stability.

As for China-US trade frictions, Yang said China is willing to solve the
problems through cooperation, but cooperation must be based on principles.

Noting the Chinese government values the promotion of human rights, Yang said
China firmly opposes the US' groundless attacks and accusations against China
under the guise of human rights. Chinese people of all ethnic groups have forged
ahead in unity and improved their living standards, which is a fact for all to
see, he added.

Saying China has no law requiring companies to install back doors or collect
foreign intelligence, Yang stated Chinese firm Huawei has made contributions to
the development of communication technologies in countries including in Europe,
and strictly abided by international rules and local laws and regulations.

He called on some countries to show confidence in their own technologies and
some respect for the willingness of other countries to develop cooperation with
Chinese firms.

Yang also reaffirmed China's position in defending its territorial sovereignty
and maritime rights and interests, saying the country firmly opposes any
activity that undermines China's sovereignty and maritime interests under the
pretext of freedom of navigation and overflight.

The MSC - an annual conference on international security policy that has taken
place in Munich since 1963 - has developed into the world's leading forum for
debating international security policy.

Ruan Zongze, executive vice-president of the China Institute of International
Studies, said the international situation is seeing rising uncertainties caused
by increasing conflicts and confrontations, terrorism, populism and
protectionism, as well as human migrations, poverty and unemployment.

However, globalization is irreversible and no country can benefit itself alone
without considering others, Ruan said.

caodesheng@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 02/18/2019 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/65/155045080376.jpg

00221917e13e1dd4368607.jpg


                             375 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           February 16, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Pew Center survey results a slap in the face for Mike Pompeo

BYLINE: Chen Weihua

BODY:

For years US officials and politicians have been hyping up the "China threat"
theory, targeting everything from Chinese trade, investment and military to bank
loans, technology and even Chinese students studying abroad.

What makes the world's only superpower paranoid and feel threatened by China or
other countries is anybody's guess. But US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo's
visit to Central Europe this week is the latest example of how despicably some
US politicians have been spreading canards about China and desperately trying to
drive a wedge between China and other countries.

Pompeo, a former CIA chief, however, does not seem to have achieved much success
in his designs. When he recently tried to lecture Hungarian leaders about the
alleged China and Russia threat and warned that if European countries use Huawei
equipment, it would make "it more difficult for us to partner alongside them",
he was quickly brushed off by Hungarian Foreign Affairs and Trade Minister Peter
Szijjarto.

It is indeed humiliating to those host countries for Pompeo to try to dupe them
into believing that Russia and China seek to erode their sovereignty, because it
suggests they don't know how to handle their relations with other countries.

What Pompeo has exhibited might be part of "American exceptionalism" since no
leaders from other countries travel the world to slander others like those of
the US do. Senior Chinese officials certainly have no appetite to return the
favor.

A Pew Center survey released this week offered Pompeo a timely reminder of the
growing global fear of the US misusing its power and influence.

A median of just less than half across the 26 countries surveyed said that US
power and influence pose a major threat to their countries. In 10 countries,
roughly half or more of the respondents said US power is a major threat to their
nations, including 64 percent who said so in Mexico. In Canada, 46 percent
regard US power and influence as a major threat to their country, compared with
32 percent for Russia and 31 percent for China.

Ironically, more people in France, Germany, Britain, Spain, Sweden and the
Netherlands, whose defense ministers gathered in Brussels this week for a NATO
meeting, see US power and influence as more of a threat to their countries
compared with China's power and influence.

What is heartbreaking for Pompeo and many other US politicians must be Japan, a
key US ally in Asia, as 66 percent of Japanese see US power and influence as a
major threat to their country.

Moreover, in Argentina, Brazil, South Africa, Nigeria, Kenya and Tunisia, the
Latin American and African countries surveyed, more people see US power and
influence as a major threat compared with Russian or Chinese power and
influence.

What really dealt a heavy blow to Pompeo is that China's power and influence
stand at the bottom of the threat list in the Pew survey despite the incessant
US campaign over the past years to hype up the "China threat" theory.

US politicians have clearly not looked at themselves in the mirror. They
fabricated the "China military threat" theory while having by far the largest
military budget as well as hundreds of military bases across the world. They
accuse China of meddling in other countries' domestic politics while dropping
bombs and staging coups in other sovereign nations.

I probably should send Pompeo a copy of the Pew report or a mirror, or both.

The author is China Daily EU Bureau chief based in Brussels.
chenweihua@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 02/16/2019 page4)


                             376 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            February 15, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Huawei seeks fair deal in US markets

BYLINE: Ma Si and Mo Jingxi

BODY:

Huawei Technologies Co Ltd has refuted US attempts to discourage its allies from
using the products of the world's largest telecom equipment maker, accusing
Washington of using government machinery against a private company.

Firm says Washington has launched a 'tactical geopolitical campaign'

Huawei Technologies Co Ltd has refuted US attempts to discourage its allies from
using the products of the world's largest telecom equipment maker, accusing
Washington of using government machinery against a private company.

Xu Zhijun, one of Huawei's three rotating chairmen, said in a media briefing in
Shenzhen that the United States is launching a "coordinated, tactical
geopolitical campaign" against the Chinese company.

Xu said on Wednesday that the current discussions on 5G are over political
issues and questioned whether the US is truly thinking about protecting the
privacy of other countries' citizens, or whether it has other motives.

"Some say that because these countries are using Huawei equipment, it makes it
harder for US agencies to obtain these countries' data," Xu added.

His comments came after US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo cautioned Hungary,
Slovakia and Poland against using Huawei equipment during a trip this week,
saying it would make it more difficult for the US to "partner alongside them".

Xu said Huawei would spend more than $2 billion over the next five years to
boost cyber security, including rewriting some codes, as an extra step to deepen
the trust with foreign telecom carriers.

Experts said no factual evidence has been found to support the security
allegations against Huawei, meaning that it makes no sense to exert blanket bans
on the Chinese tech major.

Robert Hannigan, former head of the Government Communications Headquarters, one
of the United Kingdom's intelligence arms, said in an opinion article in the
Financial Times, that the West should put an end to "hysteria" over Chinese
technology.

The key point here is that "the NCSC has never found evidence of malicious
Chinese state cyber activity through Huawei", Hannigan wrote. NCSC refers to the
National Cyber Security Center in the UK.

According to him, assertions that any Chinese technology in any part of a 5G
network represents an unacceptable risk are nonsense, and the West should accept
that China will be a global tech power in the future.

Huawei had a 28 percent share of the global telecom equipment market in the
third quarter of 2018, according to the latest data from research company
Dell'Oro Group. Though facing security allegations in some markets, the
Shenzhen-based company said in January that it had shipped over 25,000 5G base
stations globally, up from the figure of 10,000 it disclosed in late December.

On Thursday, China's Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said at a regular
news conference in Beijing that network information security is the common
concern of all countries.

"All parties can absolutely solve this concern through equal and friendly
coordination and appropriate arrangement as long as they hold no prejudice,
strengthen mutual trust and don't politicize normal economic behavior," she
said.

China hopes that all parties could respect the market principle of fair and free
competition, and create a just, fair, nondiscriminatory marketing environment
for normal cooperation between companies, she added.

Wang Yanhui, secretary-general of the Mobile China Alliance, said Huawei has
been serving European telecom carriers since the 3G era and no evidence has been
found of it conducting any malicious cyber activities.

"The world should let the facts speak, and not worry about fear fanned by some
countries," Wang said.

Contact the writers at masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 02/15/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/18/155019162625.jpg

a41f726b05111dd04b8719.jpg


                             377 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            February 15, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Washington's Huawei anxiety has become hysteria

BODY:

Chinese telecommunications giant Huawei Technologies has been in hot water
lately.

And the water keeps getting hotter as Washington continues to fan the flames of
hysteria over it being a security threat. Hard on the heels of US Secretary of
State Mike Pompeo, who on Monday warned allies that embracing Huawei
technologies may jeopardize their partnerships with Washington, US
Vice-President Mike Pence praised Poland on Wednesday, for "protecting the
telecoms sector from China".

No telecoms operators in any country using Huawei equipment have reported
security breaches. Even the White House, which has been fanatically trying to
brand Huawei as a "China threat", has produced no evidence of the company's
alleged involvement in spying.

While there is no hard truth to underpin it, the ongoing witch-hunt, which
Washington is enthusiastically directing and tirelessly broadening, certainly
means nothing. It betrays growing anxiety over, helplessness about, and
inability to adapt to the new reality that the present-day world is increasingly
turning from unipolar to multipolar.

Despite Beijing's persistent pledge that it wants to forge a constructive
relationship with Washington, the latter has remained at best lukewarm,
preferring instead to cling to its id[#xfffd][#xfffd]e fixe that security will
be out of the question if it is not the world's sole superpower.

So an anxious White House chooses to confront China "on every front". And it is
matching that rhetoric with forceful actions.

Despite all the suspicion and suppression, the besieged Huawei has continually
highlighted its willingness to accept security scrutiny. Which it believes is
the only way to prove its innocence. But innocence hardly matters to the
Washington fearmongers. They have become hysteria.

In the latest symptom of their distress, China Railway Rolling Stock Corp,
contending for a contract from the Washington, D.C. Metro, is labeled a
potential source of "cyber security risks". Four Democratic senators have
reportedly expressed concern that video surveillance cameras and the automated
aspects of railway cars may be the tools of spies or hackers.

Following that logic, literally everything electronic produced by China can be
turned into surveillance devices and be exploited by the Chinese government -
lighting, signs, TVs, microwaves, fridges, even toys.

At the end of the day, they imply, can you lie on a made-in-China mattress
without worrying you are being eavesdropped by some ears across the Pacific?

James Groft, chief executive of James Valley Telecommunications, who told The
Wall Street Journal he hasn't seen Huawei do anything wrong, said he needs
"something credible, and not fearmongering". Because he knows the hysteria will
only end up hurting his US clients.

But that is unlikely to be forthcoming. In an article for the Financial Times,
Robert Hannigan, the former head of UK's GCHQ intelligence arm, said its
National Cyber Security Centre, has been evaluating Huawei's presence in UK
telecom networks for some years, and it has never found any evidence of
malicious Chinese state cyber activity through the company.

(China Daily 02/15/2019 page8)


                             378 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           February 14, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: On chinadaily.com.cn

BODY:

Video: PLA a true force for peace in the world

The Chinese military has been making significant contributions to world peace.
It has taken part in 24 United Nations peacekeeping missions involving nearly
40,000 Chinese so far, and has also actively participated in disaster relief and
humanitarian efforts around the globe. The PLA Navy has also escorted more than
6,600 ships in the Gulf of Aden and the waters off Somalia.

Films: Imax sets record box-office takings

Imax set a box-office record over the Spring Festival holiday starting on Feb 4,
grossing 217 million yuan ($32.1 million) across its 599 theaters in China. Imax
Corp and Imax China said on Monday that the results were driven by the strong
performances of three Chinese-language films - The Wandering Earth, Crazy Alien
and Pegasus. The sales figures marked Imax China's best Spring Festival
performance ever, up 40 percent year-on-year. The Wandering Earth, the country's
first big-budget sci-fi film, led the pack by grossing more than 185 million
yuan in Imax theaters to become the highest grossing local-language film in Imax
history.

Culture: Teapot featured on stamp in Portugal

In celebration of the 40th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic ties
between China and Portugal, Portugal Post has issued a pair of stamps featuring
teapots. One of the stamps depicts a traditional Portuguese silver teapot and
the other shows a well-known Yixing zisha teapot. They were designed by
Elizabete Fonseca from Portugal. Zisha teapots have been exported to Europe
since the 17th century.

Biz: Reddit raises $300 million in funding

The United States social media site Reddit said on Monday it had raised $300
million in a financing drive led by internet giant Tencent, which pushed the
company's market valuation to $3 billion. Reddit CEO Steve Huffman told CNBC
news outlet that Tencent invested $150 million in the latest round of
fundraising, along with other investors. Huffman said Tencent has invested in
lots of videogame companies, and video games are a popular category on Reddit, a
social news and media aggregation company based in San Francisco, Northern
California.

Rankings: Top phone makers by Q4 shipments

The world's smartphone vendors shipped a total of 375.4 million units during the
fourth quarter of last year, down 4.9 percent year-on-year and declining for the
fifth consecutive quarter, according to a report released by International Data
Corp. IDC predicted the smartphone market is likely to decline this year, with
continuously challenging market conditions. The top five smartphone vendors in
the fourth quarter were Xiaomi, OPPO, Huawei, Apple and Samsung.

(China Daily 02/14/2019 page22)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/1/155012702966.jpg

a41f726b05111dcef5e73a.jpg


                             379 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           February 14, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: OLED manufacturers' shares shine on foldable phone moves

BYLINE: Fan Feifei

BODY:

Share prices of organic light-emitting diode (OLED) manufacturers have
skyrocketed for two consecutive days, after major smartphone vendors announced
their plans to unveil foldable phones during the Mobile World Congress 2019, set
to be held in Barcelona in late February.

New tech key for companies to expand market presence, gain more customers

Share prices of organic light-emitting diode (OLED) manufacturers have
skyrocketed for two consecutive days, after major smartphone vendors announced
their plans to unveil foldable phones during the Mobile World Congress 2019, set
to be held in Barcelona in late February.

The share price of BOE Technology Group Co Ltd, a Beijing-based supplier of
display products and solutions, surged by the 10 percent daily limit to close at
3.31 yuan (50 US cents) on Wednesday, with trading volume surpassing 6 billion
yuan on a single day.

Visionox Co Ltd, another OLED-focused high-tech enterprise, also saw its share
price hitting the daily increase limit of 10 percent, closing at 11.25 yuan on
Wednesday.

The prices of other OLED-related stocks, such as Lingyi iTech, Triumph Science
and Technology, Sichuan EM Technology and Irico Display all hit the upper limit
from Tuesday to Wednesday.

AMOLED, or active matrix/organic light-emitting diode, technology allows OLED
panels to be much more physically flexible than traditional liquid crystal
display, or LCD, panels.

Industry insiders said the traditional smartphone market is relatively
saturated, so handset manufacturers are trying to give smartphones innovative
and eye-catching designs.

Wang Jian, an analyst at Beijing-based market researcher Sigmaintell Consulting,
said: "AMOLED technology will be very important for smartphone panels in the
next few years, and its future prospects are promising."

CITIC Securities forecast 2019 will mark the first year for the application of
foldable and flexible screens, and OLED panel shipments this year will reach
more than 1 million units.

Global information provider IHS Markit said it expects shipments of foldable
AMOLED panels to reach 50 million in 2025.

Sinolink Securities said that with the mass production of several panel
production lines this year, the domestic OLED panel industry will usher in new
development opportunities.

Companies across the whole supply chain are expected to benefit from the
explosion in demand, as smartphone vendors are stepping up efforts to roll out
foldable phones.

South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd announced on Tuesday it will
unveil its foldable display phones on Feb 20, four days earlier than its rival
Huawei Technologies Co Ltd 5G folding phone debut.

Oppo Electronics Corp will also show off its foldable phone during the MWC 2019.

Royole Corp, a Shenzhen, Guangdong province-based panel manufacturer, announced
its first foldable smartphone, the FlexPai, in October. The model features a
7.8-inch AMOLED display.

In January, Xiaomi Corp revealed its new folding phone in a teaser video, but
the gadget was just a prototype.

fanfeifei@chinadaily.com.cn

An exhibition official addresses visitors' queries on foldable phones at a
high-tech fair in Shenzhen, Guangdong province. Provided to China Daily

(China Daily 02/14/2019 page16)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/59/155012703602.jpg

a41f726b05111dcef3b810.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/97/155012703623.jpg

a41f726b05111dcef3c911.jpg


                             380 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           February 14, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Report on talks with Venezuela opposition dismissed

BYLINE: Mo Jingxi and Zhou Jin

BODY:

China on Wednesday dismissed a news report which said Beijing has held talks
with Venezuela's political opposition to protect its investments in the oil-rich
South American nation.

When asked to confirm whether such talks took place, Foreign Ministry
spokeswoman Hua Chunying said at a regular news conference in Beijing: "I think
you refer to The Wall Street Journal report. But it is in fact fake news."

Noting that she didn't know the intention of the report, Hua said China hopes
media outlets can follow the principles of objectivity and fairness in their
reporting.

The Wall Street Journal reported Tuesday that China has been holding talks with
Venezuela's political opposition to safeguard its investments in the country.

Hua said that China has recently been in close communication with all parties
involved with the situation from around the world in order to peacefully solve
problems facing Venezuela.

"China supports the international community's efforts in seeking a political
solution within the framework of the Venezuelan Constitution through promoting
dialogue among ruling and opposition parties," she said.

China is willing to join hands with all parties and continues to play a
constructive role for the peaceful settlement of this issue, Hua added.

Also on Wednesday, Hua slammed the United States and its allies for suppressing
and slandering Chinese companies around the globe over national security
concerns without providing any concrete evidence.

Hua made the remarks in response to a reported US executive order that is
expected to be signed in the coming days banning companies in the US wireless
sector from buying Chinese telecommunications equipment.

The spokeswoman also expressed concerns over US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo's
recent visit to Hungary, Slovakia and Poland during which he warned these three
countries of the risks of using equipment from Chinese companies.

On Tuesday in Poland, Pompeo said the US may be forced to scale back certain
operations in Europe and elsewhere if countries continue to do business with
Huawei, the Associated Press reported.

"It is quite hypocritical, immoral and unfair to suppress the legitimate
development rights and interests of Chinese enterprises and use political means
to intervene in the economy," Hua said.

According to Hua, all countries should deal with relevant matters in an
objective, comprehensive, rational and correct manner rather than fabricating
excuses of all kinds in pursuit of one's own interests at the expense of
another.

"As an ancient Chinese saying goes: Do not think any virtue trivial, and so
neglect it; do not think any vice trivial, and so practice it," she said, urging
the US to do more to promote world peace, stability and development.

Contact the writers at mojingxi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 02/14/2019 page3)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/15/155012704431.jpg

00221917e13e1dceeb9006.jpg


                             381 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                          February 13, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Smart glasses may offer firm augmented prospects

BYLINE: Ouyang Shijia

BODY:

Chinese technology major Huawei Technologies Co Ltd is striking out into the
emerging augmented reality field, with the help of its futuristic AR smart
glasses that can connect with a smartwatch.

Huawei's newest patent, published at the World Intellectual Property
Organization on Feb 7, describes lightweight and relatively inexpensive smart
glasses, which can be used as an AR headset.

The new patented invention, the eyeglass frame, will not be equipped with a
camera, display or microphone. The description said it will have an adapter for
receiving an electronic device such as a smartwatch.

Huawei said in the description published at the WIPO that it aimed to provide an
eyeglass frame for an electronic device which offers increased usability, as the
current large-size AR headset is not very suitable for outdoor use.

"The large size and heavy weight makes users unwilling to wear such AR headsets
on a daily basis. Also, the complexity of current AR headsets keeps the price
level relatively high, which limits the possibilities for developers to concept
new applications without having to make significant investments in hardware,"
Huawei noted.

Last November, Yu Chengdong, CEO of Huawei's consumer business group, revealed
in an interview with CNBC that the company is "working on AR smart glasses which
could debut in the next one or two years".

Yu said Huawei will first offer more AR experiences to the smartphone to allow
users to gradually become accustomed to the technology before the release of the
glasses. For instance, users now are able to use AR apps on Huawei's Mate 20
Pro.

A recent report by global market consultancy International Data Corp shows the
combined AR and virtual reality headset market fared well during the third
quarter last year, with a 9.4 percent year-on-year growth.

Tom Mainelli, program vice-president of devices and AR and VR at IDC, said:
"With regards to AR, hardware growth remains modest, but we see strong interest
in the technology from many companies. We expect new hardware shipping in 2019,
from both established players and new ones, to help move the industry beyond
proof of concepts and pilots into larger deployments."

ouyangshijia@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 02/13/2019 page13)


                             382 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                          February 13, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Huawei in major league of chip buyers

BYLINE: Fan Feifei

BODY:

Huawei Technologies Co Ltd became the world's third-largest buyer of
semiconductors last year, with its expenditure on purchasing chips witnessing
the largest growth among the top five companies, according to a recent report by
US-based research firm Gartner Inc.

The Chinese tech heavyweight spent over $21 billion on semiconductor chips last
year, accounting for 4.4 percent of the total worldwide market. It increased its
chip spending by 45.2 percent, jumping in front of Dell Inc and Lenovo Group Ltd
to the third spot.

Three other Chinese companies, Lenovo, BBK Electronics Co Ltd and Xiaomi Corp,
ranked in the top 10 semiconductor buyers in 2018, according to Gartner.

Lenovo spent $17.7 billion purchasing semiconductors, ranking in fifth place,
followed by BBK Electronics, with its expenses rising to $13.7 billion. Xiaomi
rose eight notches to 10th place, increasing its semiconductor spending by about
$2.7 billion in 2018, a whopping 62.8 percent rise from a year earlier.

Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and Apple Inc remained the top two semiconductor chip
buyers in 2018, representing 17.9-percent market share, which is a decrease of
1.6 percent as compared to last year.

Eight of the top 10 companies in 2017 remained in the top 10 in 2018, with US
memory chip maker Kingston Technology and Xiaomi replacing South Korea's LG
Electronics and Japan's Sony, Gartner said.

The research firm also said semiconductor spending by the top 10 buyers
increased significantly, and their share reached 40.2 percent of the total
semiconductor market in 2018, up from 39.4 percent in 2017. This trend is
expected to continue.

"With the top 10 semiconductor chip buyers commanding an increasing share of the
market, technology product marketers at chip vendors must allocate a majority of
their resources to their top 10 potential customers," said Masatsune Yamaji,
senior principal analyst at Gartner.

In terms of smartphone sales, Huawei shored up its leading position. The company
shipped 30 million smartphones in the domestic market in the fourth quarter of
last year, up 23.3 percent year-on-year. It topped the list with a market share
of 29 percent, according to research firm IDC.

Oppo ranked in second place, with its shipment of smartphones reaching 20.3
million units in the fourth quarter, accounting for 19.6 percent of the market
share, followed by Vivo, with a market share of 18.8 percent.

Apple Inc's smartphone shipments in the Chinese market plummeted about 20
percent during this period, taking up 11.5 percent of the market share.
Weakening demand, lengthening replacement times and iPhone's hefty price
contributed to Apple's decline in China, according to IDC.

Wang Xi, a senior analyst of IDC, expressed negative views about the smartphone
market environment in 2019. "Smartphone manufacturers should explore new
business opportunities from technology accumulation, product operation and user
maintenance," Wang said.

fanfeifei@chinadaily.com.cn

Participants arrive for a Huawei product launch in Beijing. Reuters

(China Daily 02/13/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/41/155001884618.jpg

a41f726b05111dcda0aa07.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/64/155001884647.jpg

a41f726b05111dcda0af08.jpg


                             383 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                          February 13, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Pompeo puts US paranoia front and center in Europe

BODY:

United States Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is on a five-nation trip to Europe,
of which the highlight is supposed to be the conference on the future of the
Middle East, with a heavy emphasis on containing Iran.

But that seems to have in no way diminished Washington's obsession with Huawei,
and of course China.

On the very first leg of the trip, in the Hungarian capital of Budapest, the top
US diplomat once again issued an unsubstantiated allegation that the Chinese
telecommunications company was a security risk, warning its NATO ally that its
embrace of Huawei technologies presented "actual risks" to the Hungarian people
and that it risked China using the technology "in a way that is not in the best
interest of Hungary". Blahdiblah, you probably know how it goes by now.

Of course, he made it sound reasonable: "They are a sovereign nation", he said.
"They get to make their own decisions".

But not really, since there is a choice to be made: Huawei or the US.

Getting to the heart of the matter, he said if countries choose Huawei, it
"makes it difficult for America to be present ... and makes it more difficult
for us to partner alongside them". Which showed the US is not above some
arm-twisting to get what it wants, and making it clear the US administration is
motivated by more than simple technological, or business competition.

Considering the Chinese tech giant has come into the White House's crosshairs,
the latter's determination to coalesce an international siege against the
company comes as no surprise, especially if it wants to sustain the US
commercial edge in the next-generation telecommunications market. But Pompeo
made no secret about Washington's geopolitical anxiety. He confessed the US has
its eyes on reversing what he called a decade of US disengagement in Central
Europe that left a vacuum for Russia and China to exploit. He even warned his
hosts of "the dangers of allowing China to gain a bridgehead in Hungary".

The message cannot be clearer: the US is not only returning to continental
Europe, it wants exclusive presence. Washington is worried about Russian and
Chinese influence that it fears has grown in its own absence. Huawei is only an
excuse.

But Hungarian Foreign and Trade Minister Peter Szijjarto made a sensible point
during a joint news conference with Pompeo: "When it comes to cooperation with
Russia or cooperation with the People's Republic of China, that does not harm us
being reliable as a NATO ally".

Indeed, why must a Budapest-Washington relationship be an exclusive one when
Hungary relies on Russia for 85 percent of its energy needs and maintains close,
extensive economic cooperation with China?

No doubt, Pompeo will be hawking the same message to every other stop on his
European trip. But the idea of exclusive relations may not sell everywhere.
Because Budapest will certainly not be the only one to have smelled the
"enormous hypocrisy" in such an approach.

(China Daily 02/13/2019 page8)


                             384 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                          February 13, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Pompeo criticized for Huawei comments

BYLINE: Mo Jingxi

BODY:

It is "unfair and immoral" for the United States to drive a wedge in China's
relations with other countries and to crack down on Chinese companies, Foreign
Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said on Tuesday.

"Strengthening friendly cooperation between China and Hungary does not target or
affect any other country. Also, we hope and believe that the development of the
China-Hungary relationship will not be destroyed or disturbed by any other
country," Hua said at a regular news conference in Beijing.

The remarks came after US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo on Monday warned of the
risks of Huawei's presence in Hungary during his visit to the country.

"If that equipment is co-located in places where we have important American
systems, it makes it more difficult for us to partner alongside them," he also
said.

However, Hungarian Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto later told Pompeo at a joint
news conference that Hungary's cooperation with China does not endanger its
being a reliable ally of the US.

"So when it comes to China, I think hypocrisy should be left finally behind,"
Szijjarto said.

Hua said: "We appreciate Szijjarto's independent, objective and just judgment
based on facts. Friendly cooperation is always the main theme of developing the
China-Hungary relationship."

She said that China has noticed that, for a time, the US has been fabricating
various unwarranted charges and a "China Threat" theory of different versions.

On Thursday, Gordon Sondland, US ambassador to the European Union, warned in an
interview with Bloomberg that any Western country allowing Huawei or other
Chinese equipment to be used in critical infrastructure projects will face the
risk of US countermeasures.

"(The statements) do not match the deeds and manner a major power should have.
We believe that the vast majority of countries are clear-eyed about the real
intentions of the US side and its bullying," Hua said.

She also added that China hopes all parties abandon the ideological prejudice
and the mindset of a zero-sum game mentality.

mojingxi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 02/13/2019 page1)


                             385 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           February 12, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Struggling Apple looks for ways to stay afloat in China

BYLINE: Paul Welitzkin in New York

BODY:

Apple Inc's fiscal first-quarter earnings reveal that the company's struggles in
China and in its critical iPhone business will continue, while analysts say the
tech bellwether could reduce prices to remedy the situation.

On Jan 29, Apple said revenue for the three months ended Dec 29 was $84.3
billion, off 5 percent from a year earlier. Profit was $19.9 billion or $4.18 a
share.

The US tech giant said revenue from iPhones declined 15 percent from the
year-earlier period. In China, Apple reported revenue of $13.1 billion, down
sharply from $17.9 billion the earlier year.

Apple investors have been worried about sales in China since the company last
month lowered guidance for the quarter due to economic pressures in the region
and weak iPhone sales. CEO Tim Cook also blamed trade tensions between the
United States and China for the slowdown in sales.

"Apple and Cook face one of their most challenging growth periods in the
company's history with weak iPhone sales in China being the 'albatross around
its neck' showing no signs of abating over the next few quarters, a dynamic that
will be an overhang on the stock for the next six to nine months with the China
trade talks adding to the agita for investors," Wedbush Securities analysts
Daniel Ives and Strecker Backe wrote in a research note.

Strategy Analytics, a global consulting firm, said Apple has an Asia problem,
particularly in China.

"China is Apple's second most important market, after the US. China accounts for
three in 10 of all smartphones sold worldwide, and it is a market Apple simply
cannot ignore," Neil Mawston of Strategy Analytics told China Daily.

Ives and Backe said Apple needs to consider an iPhone-price cut in China. "Apple
is facing a 'code red' situation in China, and the right pricing strategy around
XR and future versions will be key to putting a ring fence around the core
installed base in the region.

"With lower-priced competition from all directions with Huawei and Xiaomi front
and center, Apple needs to make sure that over the next few quarters they do not
lose any current iPhone customers," they said.

Mawston said the iPhone has been struggling in China for the past three years
after major carriers like China Telecom reduced their subsidy programs for 4G
smartphones. "De-subsidization has made the iPhone look much more expensive at
the point of sale in China, causing iPhone demand to crash," he said.

Apple can reignite demand for the iPhone by cutting prices, introducing a much
cheaper model, or persuading carriers like China Telecom to restart their
subsidy programs, added Mawston.

Apple said its services division, which includes iCloud, the App Store and Apple
Pay, saw revenue advance to $10.9 billion, up 19 percent over the prior year.
The company said China's move to pause approving new games for the App Store
last year is affecting revenue in the segment.

Apple still relies on China to produce many of its products, so it will be
watching the trade negotiations between China and the US closely.

Mawston said it is highly unlikely Apple will move any iPhone production to the
US.

paulwelitzkin@chinadailyusa.com

(China Daily 02/12/2019 page14)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/73/154993252478.jpg

a41f726b05111dcc4ac50b.jpg


                             386 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           February 12, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Wily Washington ropes EU into its ruses

BODY:

To those who live on a steady diet of Hollywood bubble gum and who are gullible
enough to believe everything they read or hear about evil regimes intent on
taking over the world, it must seem like Brussels is the new Berlin - a hotbed
of intrigue and espionage.

At least that is what the European External Action Service would have them
believe, according to a report in Germany's Welt am Sonntag newspaper.

Despite the fact that it apparently already has the capacity to listen in to
everything that is said through backdoors supposedly installed in cellphones,
computers, washing machines or anything else that has been made in China, it
seems China still needs to give lodging to around 250 spies in its embassy and
give them expenses so that they can surreptitiously dine in the same restaurants
as European diplomats and military officials in the hope these powerful
personages will inadvertently let slip some juicy nugget of information after a
glass too many of Chablis.

The claims of the EEAS, and those made by the Lithuanian intelligence and
security services against the Chinese telecommunications leader Huawei, also
last week, are the latest in a chorus of allegations against China and the
Chinese company being orchestrated by the United States.

This time the latest groundless accusations came after US officials toured EU
capitals urging European governments not to use Huawei technology and equipment
for next generation telecommunications infrastructure, and at a time when the
EEAS is trying to keep the US sweet on NATO after Washington questioned its
worth to the US.

One only has to look at how counterintuitive it would be for China to sabotage
its sound cooperation with its European partners - and the economic benefits it
reaps from those good relations - given the increasing pressure the US is
applying in their trade conflict to appreciate how ridiculous these accusations
are.

Indeed it is the trade dispute and competition between the world's two largest
economies that explains why such reports have emerged now - The US is seeking
whatever leverage it can to exert pressure on China, using its European allies
in this way is just a matter of habit.

Some politicians in both the US and EU countries may consider the scaremongering
about China as ideologically necessary since China's rise as a communist country
is the last thing they want to see. However, in doing so they have to turn a
blind eye to the fact that China wants and needs a peaceful environment for its
economic development and social progress.

European politicians should realize that it will do their countries no good to
unquestioningly follow Washington's lead. Doing so only plays into the hands of
the US, which would be happy to get what it wants from a divided EU and the
disintegration of the EU-China partnership.

(China Daily 02/12/2019 page8)


                             387 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           February 12, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Pompeo's 5-nation tour 'overdue'

BYLINE: Chen Weihua in Brussels

BODY:

US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo started his five-nation tour in Europe on
Monday to counter the so-called China and Russia influence, but experts said
those nations should be free to make their own decisions.

Top US diplomat to counter China, Russia influence in Central Europe

US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo started his five-nation tour in Europe on
Monday to counter the so-called China and Russia influence, but experts said
those nations should be free to make their own decisions.

In a news release about the trip on Sunday, the US State Department said that
the United States is committed to increasing its diplomatic, military,
commercial and cultural engagement with Central Europe "in order to strengthen
the region's ties with the West as it faces increased pressure from Russia and
China".

"Our efforts at diplomatic engagement are aimed at competing for positive
influence and giving allies in the region an indication of US support and
interest in order to have alternatives to China and Russia," said a senior US
administration official who briefed the press about the trip.

Pompeo, a former CIA chief, will visit Hungary, Slovakia and Poland before
wrapping up his trip with brief stops in Brussels, Belgium, and Reykjavik,
Iceland, on Friday.

One of Pompeo's missions is to lobby the European nations not to include China's
Huawei Technologies, one of the world's top telecom equipment manufacturers, in
their development of 5G networks.

US diplomats have been aggressively lobbying across Europe lately to hype up a
national security threat posed by Huawei without providing any evidence. Huawei
has denied all the US allegations, saying it has a clean record in
cybersecurity.

While facing challenges in its development in the US, Huawei has witnessed rapid
expansion in recent years in many European nations, most of which see China as a
partner rather than a geopolitical rival like the US does.

Shen Dingli, a professor of international relations at Shanghai-based Fudan
University, believes those countries could make decisions by themselves.

"Those countries shall be able to make their own judgment on national interest,
welcoming foreign investment, including from China, while being sensitive to
their information security," Shen told China Daily on Monday.

During his visit to those Central European countries, Pompeo will also voice US
concerns about their energy ties with Russia. He is likely to urge Hungary not
to support the Turk-Stream pipeline, part of the Moscow's plans to bypass
Ukraine, the main transit route for Russian gas to Europe.

Hungary receives most of its gas from Russia and its main domestic source of
electricity is the Paks nuclear power plant in central Hungary where Russia's
Rosatom is involved in a 12.5 billion-euro ($14 billion) expansion.

The trip by a top US diplomat will remind people how those central European
nations are often overlooked by the US. Even US government officials described
Pompeo's trip as "overdue".

Pompeo's visit to Bratislava, Slovakia, on Tuesday will be the first such
high-level US visit to the country in more than 15 years.

During the Central Europe trip, Pompeo will also focus his attention on a US
conference titled "Future of Peace and Security in the Middle East", a two-day
event on Feb 13-14 in Warsaw. US Vice-President Mike Pence will attend the
meeting.

At the meeting, Washington will try to ramp up pressure on Iran. The European
Union, which has criticized the US government for quitting the 2015 Iran nuclear
deal, has voiced its determination to stick to the agreement.

Hungary and Poland are the subjects of EU disciplinary proceedings, charged with
putting the bloc's fundamental values at risk.

The European Parliament has accused Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban's
government of attacks on the media, minorities, and the rule of law - charges
which Orban has denied.

The EU has also charged Poland with eroding the independence of the judiciary.

Reuters contributed to this story.

chenweihua@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 02/12/2019 page12)


                             388 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            February 11, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: On our Sina Weibo

BODY:

Things your Chinese zodiac say you can expect

Contrary to what you might expect, the Chinese astrological system actually
holds that those born under any current zodiac sign don't have much luck. "This
isn't a year for 'pigs' to take risks or initiate any major changes," consultant
astrologer Carmen told Insider. "Don't expect this year to bring excitement in
the relationship department. For singles, this year is likely to bring
relationship lessons but not growth," she said.

5G self-driving bus tested in Chongqing

A self-driving bus assisted by a 5G mobile network took a test run in Chongqing
recently. The bus, equipped with technologies such as controller area network
and laser radar, was able to complete all autonomous operations with the
assistance of 5G. The bus was developed by China Mobile, tech giant Huawei,
Southeast University and Easy Mile of France.

Boiling water challenge leaves several scalded

The "boiling water challenge" sent several people to the hospital in the
Chicago, Illinois, during the region's recent subzero weather. In the challenge,
people throw hot water into the air outdoors in freezing temperatures to see it
turn to steam patterns. Doctors said bad aim has landed scalding water on people
instead of sending it into the air. People can be seriously scalded if they
accidentally spill boiling water onto their feet or spray it onto someone's face
or body, they warned.

(China Daily 02/11/2019 page22)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/77/154984606524.jpg

a41f726b05111dcb021128.jpg


                             389 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            February 11, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: BJEV moves into higher league with larger models

BYLINE: Li Fusheng

BODY:

Beijing Electric Vehicle Co, China's largest electric car producer, has vowed to
continue moving upmarket as customer demands change in China.

Electric carmaker's upscale Arcfox N61 model to compete with Tesla's Model 3

Beijing Electric Vehicle Co, China's largest electric car producer, has vowed to
continue moving upmarket as customer demands change in China.

"Our goal is for subcompact and larger vehicles to account for around 60 percent
of total sales in 2019, considering the overall trend in the market," said Zheng
Gang, then president of the new energy vehicle unit under BAIC Group in late
January.

Established in 2009, BJEV was known for its mini electric cars, which accounted
for more than 80 percent of its total sales and helped to make it the sales
champion in China, the largest new energy vehicle market worldwide.

"There was misunderstanding in the market, thinking that we did not have the
ability to produce larger, high-end vehicles," said Zheng.

"In fact, it was our strategic choice to start with mini cars, because it was
the largest segment in the past."

But things are starting to change. Last year, the company delivered 158,000
cars, of which 42 percent were subcompact and larger vehicles, a fifth more than
in the previous year, according to its figures.

Li Yixiu, president of BJEV Sales Co, expects its sales to grow, from 10 to 50
percent, despite uncertainties over government subsidies, adding that prospects
over the next few years will remain bright.

Li made the remarks when the company launched its compact EX5 last month in
Kunming, Yunnan province.

The SUV, with its "Darwin" smart system, is capable of running up to 520
kilometers on a single charge. It is BJEV's latest upscale model that is
expected to boost its image and sales in China.

"The market is growing into a spindle-shaped pattern, so here we are with larger
models," said Zheng.

He said the company's focus starting from this year is on subcompact and larger
models, including midsized ones.

BJEV has made preparations with the launch of its upscale sub-brand Arcfox.
Models are expected to hit the market in late 2019.

"Our N61 model under Arcfox will take on Tesla's Model 3," said Zheng.

The company said 70 percent of Arcfox's suppliers are top 50 global companies.
The models will be produced at BJEV's joint venture with Magna in Zhenjiang,
Jiangsu province.

The joint venture brings together Magna's vehicle engineering knowhow and BJEV's
local clout to develop next-generation smart electric vehicle technology for the
Chinese market, said BJEV.

The company said the plant is one of the most advanced manufacturing facilities,
capable of producing steel and aluminum car bodies.

BJEV and Magna also have a joint venture specializing in electric vehicle design
and development.

"Through the cooperation with Magna, BJEV will further boost its product quality
and take the brand up to a higher level," said Zheng, adding that the plant
would like to produce vehicles for other brands.

"We would like to design and produce vehicles for Apple, Google and other
companies," he said.

BJEV said its battery plant with SK Group is expected to start production later
this year.

The company is also exploring cooperation with major companies in other fields
to increase its competitiveness in the mobility market.

On January 28, it built a joint venture with Didi, China's largest ride-hailing
service provider, to boost their strength in new energy fleets and AI
transportation solutions to develop connected-car systems.

According to the deal, the joint venture, called BAIC-Xiaoju New Energy Auto
Technology Co, will cover tailor-made ride-hailing vehicles, mobility services
and supporting technologies, including battery swapping.

Didi said there are now around 400,000 new energy vehicles of different brands
registered on its platform.

On the same day of its partnership with Didi, BJEV also signed a strategic
cooperation deal with Chinese tech giant Huawei Technologies.

The two set up an innovation laboratory to conduct research and development in
fields such as cloud computing, internet of vehicles, big data and information
security.

It is the third time that the two have joined hands.

They made their first agreement in September 2017 to unite over cloud computing
and connectivity.

Late last year they deepened that partnership to build next-generation smart,
connected electric vehicles.

lifusheng@chinadaily.com.cn

BJEV launches its compact EX5 SUV on Jan 27 in Yunnan province. Li Fusheng /
China Daily

(China Daily 02/11/2019 page19)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/88/154984606580.jpg

a41f726b05111dcb014920.jpg


                             390 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            February 11, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Carmakers embrace 5G technology to boost future mobility

BYLINE: Cao Yingying

BODY:

The automotive industry is undergoing a profound transformation as traditional
carmakers integrate with 5G technology to facilitate secure and fast data
communications for future mobility.

5G, as the fifth generation of wireless technology is called, enables vehicles
to connect with the internet, using cloud-based computing and storage for the
next generation of autonomous vehicle solutions.

More auto enterprises have been partnering with information technology giants
recently to better make use of resources and promote the development of 5G
technology in vehicles, accelerating the layout of the future automobile
industry.

In the latest deal, Great Wall Motor and China Mobile Hebei signed a cooperation
agreement at the end of January, setting a goal that within the next five years.

The two giants will promote 5G applications in automobile manufacturing and
intelligent transportation.

According to the agreement, China Mobile Hebei will set up and manage a cloud
platform for Great Wall Motor to support the carmaker's management, decision
analysis, marketing, customer service and online operation.

The VV7 model of Great Wall Motor's Wey brand, equipped with an intelligent
control system based on 5G technology, can start, accelerate, brake and steer
without a driver.

Great Wall is not the only auto enterprise to explore the 5G sector with IT
companies.

In the middle of last month, Changan Automobile and Chinese tech giant Huawei
unveiled their joint innovation center, which will focus on 5G internet of
vehicle, or IoV, and Level 4 autonomous driving technology.

As the first Chinese brand to achieve 2,000 kilometers of autonomous driving and
to mass-produce Level 2 autonomous driving vehicles, Changan has been dedicated
to the research and development of IoV for eight years and reached Level 4
autonomous driving.

Last year, the company said they would not produce new models without IoV and
that it plans to mass-produce the models by 2020.

The Chinese government is also making efforts to promote regional 5G
development. At the end of last year, Beijing became the major demonstration and
application city of 5G IoV and plans to complete the construction of 5G IoV in
key regions by 2020.

When Audi, BMW, Daimler, Ericsson, Huawei, Intel, Nokia and Qualcomm set up the
5G Automotive Association in 2016, Christoph Grote, senior vice-president for
Electronics, BMW said: "We expect 5G to become the worldwide dominating mobile
communications standard of the next decade. For the automotive industry, it is
essential that 5G fulfills the challenges of the era of digitalization and
autonomous driving."

Zheng Xiaolong, an auto industry analyst, said in an interview with China
Business Network: "5G technology will not only promote the development of
autonomous driving, but also have a significant impact on the entire
transportation and urban planning sectors.

"More importantly, it will also effectively reduce the maintenance costs of
operators through the IoV calculation in vehicles, which can achieve a win-win
situation."

This trend will only continue to grow stronger as society moves toward an
autonomous driving environment.

When self-driving vehicles go mainstream, drivers and passengers will have more
free time to watch movies, play games and participate in other activities that
demand a large amount of bandwidth from the 5G network.

According to IHS Markit, the IoV market will have 72.5 million related vehicles
and is expected to reach a value of 1.48 trillion yuan ($221 billion) worldwide
by 2025. The market will maintain a high growth rate of more than 10 percent
every year.

caoyingying@chinadaily.com.cn

A self-driving car applied the 5G technology catches visitors' eyes at the China
(Hangzhou) 5G Innovation Park in Zhejiang province. Long Wei / For China Daily

(China Daily 02/11/2019 page18)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/36/154984606693.jpg

a41f726b05111dcb011b1e.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/66/154984606714.jpg

a41f726b05111dcb01241f.jpg


                             391 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            February 11, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Honor mobile phone leading in AI speed

BYLINE: Evelyn Yu in Hong Kong

BODY:

Many commentators have deemed 2017 to be year one for the artificial
intelligence smartphone as iPhone X and Honor V10 launched into the highly
competitive but uniform cellphone market. So will an intelligent phone be the
next great breakthrough?

Fiercely competitive smartphone market shifts focus from hardware features to
virtual brainpower

Zhao Ming, president of Huawei's Honor Brand, delivers a speech at the launch
ceremony for their AI phone Honor V10. [PHOTO PROVIDED TO CHINA DAILY]

Many commentators have deemed 2017 to be year one for the artificial
intelligence smartphone as iPhone X and Honor V10 launched into the highly
competitive but uniform cellphone market. So will an intelligent phone be the
next great breakthrough?

The smartphone competition battlefield has shifted from pursuit of
super-slimness, dual-cameras, fast-charging to full screen, yet none of these
hardware features lies at the core of phone manufacturers' competitiveness,
explained Zhao Ming, president of Honor - a phone brand of Huawei.

According to a China Academy of Information and Communications Technology
report, cellphone shipments by domestic brands reached 3.19 million in October,
down 15.4 percent year on year. Similar features and designs make domestic
smartphone players swim in the highly competitive, margin-eroding "Red Ocean".

The smartphone market's future lies in the prospect that an intelligent handset
can serve as a personal assistant for users' daily lives, taking care of their
needs and letting amateurs become masters, empowered by state-of-the-art AI
technology.

Last month Honor launched its full-screen V10 smartphone with AI-enabled chipset
in Beijing. The new handset promises fresh, exciting AI features; it supports
face-unlock technology - the screen will light up automatically when the owner
gazes at it.

The phone can identify 13 kinds of scene and improve parameters in photo
shooting and video recording. The more consumers use the AI-empowered phone, the
more data it collects. The handset in your pocket will know you better and
function in a more nuanced way to make your life easier.

Younger appeal

Honor, launched four years ago in 2013, has thrived by taking advantage of its
parent company Huawei's well-established name.

The brand, which sells its products primarily online, has issued several
flagship phones which have been well-received by the market; it has become a
pioneer in the intelligent phone field.

"We give unique identities to Huawei and Honor. Huawei Mate are our flagship
phones that boast upscale business style, while many of the functions we put in
Honor are appealing to young people," noted Zhao.

Highlights of the latest model include 30 sets of mobile phone WLAN co-broadcast
music and optimizing performance when the users play the smash-hit game King of
Glory.

The cost-effective internet business model has let the brand sell models to
younger consumers at 1,000 yuan ($151) to 3,000 yuan.

Honor V10 is priced at 2,699 yuan for the 4GB RAM/64GB internal storage variant
and 3,499 yuan for 6GB RAM/128GB internal storage variant.

AI speed revolution

The AI smartphone became a buzzword when iPhone launched its latest gadget,
iPhone X. The iPhone X's "original deep camera" achieves facial recognition by
sensing the depth of the user's face and modeling it with 300,000-point clouds
to achieve high precision.

There is at present no consensus on defining an AI smartphone. But the growing
consensus among researchers is that AI smartphones should have end-to-end
capability from AI chips that can conduct AI processing on the mobile devices;
an AI algorithm that enables deep learning; cloud services and an AI system.

Honor V10's Kirin 970 AI chip is designed to be used in smartphones. The Kirin
970 is custom-made to conduct such tasks as sorting images, translating text and
understanding speech.

"It's a game with very few players," Zhao said.

In 2012, Honor began its AI research. Last year it released the first AI
cellphone, Honor Magic. Honor V10 AI is a complete upgrade to Magic. Zhao said
years of accumulation in this field had given Honor first-mover advantage.

"The Honor V10 we launched today has functions and capacity that no other phone
can even achieve in half year," Zhao said with confidence in the launch.

Honor V10 uses EMUI8.0 AI system which based on AI 2.0. It switches context with
homogenous multi-core. With revolutionary system, the fluency can be much
improved.

"AI knows you better", "AI speed revolution" is integrated into Honor's
campaign; Zhao thinks AI phones comprise the future market.

"For the past years, when we talk about the speed of smartphones, we are
thinking about hardware. Yet the improvement in hardware has reached a
bottleneck; even when the processing speed doubled, it brought negligible
differences of fractions of seconds to users.

"The moment we had an idea in mind, we are already operating our phone, if we
respond to such a request from the users' minds we can streamline the process
significantly," Zhao said.

Taking the parameter camera setting as an example - using AI, people who have no
knowledge of photo-shooting can snap pictures that mirror those taken by
professional photographers.

"I think that is the beauty of AI smartphone, that you can be more engaged in
many facets of life effortlessly," Zhao said.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/10/154989707805.jpeg

5a2e473ba310eefe3b502914.jpeg


                             392 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            February 11, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Chinese data companies search for UK partners

BYLINE: Cecily Liu in London

BODY:

Chinese big-data companies are on the hunt for cutting-edge technology from the
United Kingdom that they can help upscale and commercialize for China's huge
domestic market.

On Monday, a group of about 15 Chinese companies began a weeklong visit to the
UK in search of such partnerships. The enterprisesvisited leading British
universities and research labs, including University College London and the
Future Cities Catapult.

"We now face strong demand from our clients to implement cutting-edge
innovation, so we are in the UK to look for that expertise," said Xin Haowen,
deputy general manager of Sichuan Wisesoft System Integration, which uses
big-data technology to provide smart-cities solutions.

Zhou Yuanbo, secretary-general of the Chengdu Big Data Industry Alliance, said
China and the UK's data work could complement each other.
"China has an abundance of consumer data available, which forms the basis for
data analytics development," Zhou said. "The UK has the infrastructure, talent,
and expertise to produce the cutting-edge research and technology."

The trip, organized by the UK's Department for International Trade, follows on
from successful visits made by British big-data companies to China last year and
earlier this year. Two British companies on the 2016 trip are now close to
setting up offices in China, and one other UK company is working with a Chinese
supplier.

Big data is one focus of the "golden era" of China-UK relations that began in
2015 with President Xi Jinping's state visit to the UK.

Big data is an important part of the UK's economy, and a highlight of its latest
industrial strategy, which was unveiled last month.

Meanwhile, Chinaplans to grow sales from its big-data sectorto 1 trillion yuan
($145 billion) by 2020, according to the Ministry of Industry and Information
Technology.

Existing bilateral collaboration around big data includes the Chengdu-based
big-data company BBD launching a London office last year, and joint research
into the next generation of big-data applications carried out by Chinese telecom
giant Huawei and Imperial College, which began in 2014.

Despite these early results, large-scale big-data collaboration is yet to take
off.

Andrew Cockburn, head of trade for technology and smart cities at the Department
for International Trade, said mentality is a part of the challenge, and
bilateral visits will help to alter perceptions.

"Many British data science companies seem to default to the US, but that's not
always the right opportunity for them," he said.


                             393 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           February 9, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Chinese diplomats in Canada keen to promote new progress in ties

BYLINE: Rena Li in Toronto

BODY:

While hundreds of millions across the world celebrated the Year of the Pig,
Chinese diplomats sent messages of goodwill to Canada, hoping relations between
the two nations can be shored up amid the ongoing dispute over the detention of
a senior Huawei executive.

Hundreds of Canadian officials and guests were greeted by Heng Xiaojun, the
minister and deputy chief of mission at the Chinese embassy, at the embassy's
Spring Festival Reception in Ottawa last week.

"The year 2018 witnessed both positive results and serious setbacks in
China-Canada relations," said Heng. "In the coming year, we hope to strengthen
communication with the Canadian side and remove obstacles to bring China-Canada
relations back to the right track."

Heng said he also hopes that Chinese-Canadians will better integrate into
Canadian society, make greater contributions to the development and prosperity
of Canada, and build the friendship and exchanges between the two sides.

Chinese Consul General in Toronto Han Tao extended the same festival message to
Canada by bidding farewell to the past year and ushering in the new one.

"In the new year, we are ready to work together with people from all walks of
life in our consular district to promote new progress in the relations and
mutually beneficial cooperation between the consular district and China, and
enhance understanding and friendship among our peoples," Han told the Toronto
reception.

Consul General in Vancouver Tong Xiaoling told another reception that she hopes
to "make a fresh contribution toward the relationship between the two sides".

The consul general in Calgary, Lu Xu, said China wanted to build a relationship
based on mutual respect, but some nations did not give China a chance.

"China did not seek to impose itself on other nations and wanted to develop
relationships based on mutual respect and peace," she stressed. "Unfortunately,
some nations seem to be unwilling to give China a chance."

Echoing minister Heng, Andrew Leslie, the parliamentary secretary to the
minister of foreign affairs, said that Canada is willing to work with China to
resolve current difficulties and challenges by acknowledging 180 million Chinese
had contributed to Canada's political, commercial and cultural development.

"Chinese has become one of the most important languages in Canada, [with China]
accounting for about one-third of Canadian international students studying in
Canada," said Leslie. "The two countries have extensive cooperation in the
fields of trade, humanities, environment, et cetera. China-Canada friendship is
long and deep."

Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau also sent a Lunar New Year message via a
50-second video on Tuesday evening by honoring the contribution of Chinese in
building Canadian society.

This video message, which was reposted by the Canadian embassy in Beijing, has
drawn more than 4,000 comments with mixed responses, among them, some call for
the immediate release of Meng Wanzhou, the Huawei chief financial officer.

renali@chinadailyusa.com

(China Daily 02/09/2019 page4)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/87/154967325566.jpg

00221917e13e1dc854d50f.jpg


                             394 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           February 9, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Huawei VP calls comment by US official 'senseless'

BODY:

BRUSSELS - A senior representative of Chinese tech company Huawei lashed out at
Gordon Sondland, United States ambassador to the European Union, in one of the
strongest public remarks ever by the company against fearmongering.

In a ballroom in Brussels, Belgium, on Thursday, with more than 100 guests,
mostly Europeans, Abraham Liu, Huawei's vice-president for the European region
and chief representative to the EU institutions, launched into a robust defense
of the technology giant.

"Recently, Huawei has been under constant attack by some countries and
politicians. We are shocked, or sometimes feel amused, by those ungrounded and
senseless allegations," he said.

"For example, yesterday, the US ambassador to the European Union, Mr Sondland,
said someone in Beijing could remotely run a certain car off the road on a 5G
network and kill the person that's in it. This is an insult to people's
intelligence, let alone the technological experts around the world," Liu said.

"Excluding Huawei from the market doesn't mean the network is safe. For example,
since Huawei's equipment is not used in US networks, does the US have the most
secure network? The answer is no."

Huawei has an excellent cybersecurity record, Liu said, with its devices being
approved by strict reviews by multiple regulators and operators. Its partners in
Europe include big-name telecom operators, including Deutsche Telekom, British
Telecom, Vodafone, Orange, Proximus and others. These partners "have publicly
endorsed their trust in Huawei", he said. "I applaud these sensible approaches."

"Cybersecurity should remain a technical issue, instead of an ideological issue,
because technical issues can always be resolved through the right solutions.
Ideological issues cannot," he said.

Certain Western governments and media outlets have consistently cast doubt on
Huawei's ownership and governance. Liu reiterated that "Huawei is a 100 percent
employeeowned private enterprise", adding that "if we want commercial success,
we must follow our own business ethics. We have never harmed the interests of
any customer or nation".

"For Huawei, Europe has become our second home," he said. "Our success is
Europe's success. Our loss would be Europe's loss."

Xinhua

(China Daily 02/09/2019 page2)


                             395 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            February 1, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Actions against Huawei cold war of technology

BODY:

It was reported on Wednesday that the European Union is considering proposals
that would effectively amount to a de facto ban on Huawei's equipment for
next-generation mobile networks based on concerns that it might compromise
national security. This is just the latest move in a concerted series of attacks
on the Chinese telecom giant by the United States and its allies.

By making such allegations, if the European Commission were to amend the
definition of critical infrastructure in EU law to include 5G mobile networks,
it would effectively prohibit EU businesses from using Huawei equipment on the
grounds it might be used for spying or sabotage.

The constant detraction of Huawei has been orchestrated by the US, as part of
its pressure tactics to contain China. Having conjured the accusation that the
Chinese company represents a national security threat out of thin air, it has
roped in its allies as accomplices in its fear mongering. The attacks against
Huawei are now unabating and unceasing. Indeed, on the part of the US, they have
become increasingly nasty, as shown by the charges announced against the company
and some of its representatives by the US Justice Department on Tuesday.

The slander, discrimination, pressure and coercion of the US and its allies are
nothing more than a pretext to squeeze Huawei out of the global market. The US
would consider it a victory in the technology cold war it is waging against
China if it could eliminate Huawei. And it would be of particular significance
to the EU, as the other leading 5G companies are Sweden's LM Ericsson and
Finland's Nokia.

Yet Huawei supplies 45 of the top 50 global telecom companies and has signed
contracts with 30 carriers to test its next-generation technology. Given how
integrated the telecommunications industry is, blocking Huawei's development
will also harm the development of other countries' telecom companies and the
industry as a whole.

Huawei will do whatever it can to protect its rights and interests. It has
already set up laboratories in Canada, Germany and the United Kingdom for their
governments to conduct security tests on its software and hardware.

But the actions of the US and its allies have nothing to do with national
security or fair competition. Instead, they are the actions of a politically
motivated lynch mob as the West seeks to obstruct China's development as a world
power in science and technology.

The US has long used national security as an excuse to deny exports of key
technologies to China. And whenever Chinese technology companies cut conspicuous
figures overseas through their own efforts, the US is on pins and needles until
it can find a way to suppress their development.

Beyond the immediate horizon of the US-instigated persecution of Huawei lies the
future digital society. Countries should reflect on how that society can avoid
the persistence of past prejudices.

(China Daily 02/01/2019 page8)


                             396 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            February 1, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Washington's war on Huawei a commercial and geopolitical ploy

BYLINE: Chen Weihua

BODY:

The indictment of Chinese telecommunications giant Huawei Technologies on 13
charges by the US Justice Department on Jan 28 is nothing but the latest US
premeditated move to foil China's rise in the field of high-tech.

Huawei's extraordinary success in the global telecom market, especially in
developing the critical 5G technology, has prompted the US administration to
take its gloves off and resort to despicable actions. They include the detention
of Huawei chief financial officer Meng Wanzhou on Dec 1 by Canada at the behest
of the United States for alleged violations of sanctions against Iran.

Jeffrey Sachs, an economist at Columbia University, described the detention as
"really part of the Trump administration's broader attempt to undermine China's
economy by imposing tariffs, closing Western markets to Chinese high-technology
exports, and blocking Chinese purchases of US and European technology
companies".

Frederick Kempe, president of Atlantic Council, wrote in December that the US
government's targeting of Huawei was a sign of the "accelerating tech arms race"
between the US and China.

In a leaked memo, a US National Security Council official wrote about the
dangers posed by Huawei's rise to become the world's most significant supplier
of 5G gear. "We are losing," the memo said, noting that whoever leads in this
race "will have a tremendous advantage toward... commanding the heights of the
information domain."

The US first targeted Huawei and ZTE, another Chinese company, at least five
years ago when a House of Representatives Intelligence Committee report called
them a national security threat, without providing any evidence. And US telecom
companies AT&T and Verizon both dropped Huawei products early last year under
government pressure.

However, the so-called national security concerns are merely hypothetical, with
words such as Huawei "could" or "may" be used by the Chinese government to spy
on other countries.

To use the same logic, people should feel a deep existential threat from the US
because it possesses nuclear weapons which can destroy the planet and kill every
human-being 100 times.

The US government has employed similar tactics against its allies, too. In a Jan
17 article, the Economist revealed how the US Department of Justice has
subjected scores of large foreign companies to extraterritorial actions, often
resulting in helping US companies. It cited the example of Alstom, a French
power and transport group, which faced US legal action in 2010-15 and later sold
the bulk of its assets to General Electric in a deal that was announced in 2014
and closed in late 2015.

But the US actions against China are far more sinister, as reflected in the
speech by US Vice-President Mike Pence at the Hudson Institute on Oct 4, when he
tried to defame China for each and every action it has taken.

Former Australian prime minister Kevin Rudd, who knows well about China and the
US, warned in a talk last September that "we seem to be walking into another
war" and "beginning with a trade war, developing into an investment war, before
metastasizing into a new 'technology war' as China and the United States now
struggle to secure the commanding heights of the new technologies that will
either drive, or destroy, the economies of the 21st century."

Sachs called the US administration, not Huawei or China, as today's greatest
threat to the international rule of law, and therefore to global peace.

Given these facts, European countries should firmly resist the mounting US
pressure to ban Huawei in their countries, as reported by The New York Times on
Sunday, because the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have shown us the bloody
results of bowing to US pressure.

The Huawei case is indeed a matter of free trade, and a better and fairer world
order.

The author is chief of China Daily EU Bureau based in Brussels.
chenweihua@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 02/01/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/30/154898225961.jpg

00221917e13e1dbdd0972a.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/92/154898225982.jpg

00221917e13e1dbdd09d2b.jpg


                             397 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            February 1, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Huawei gets support from UK universities

BYLINE: Bo Leung in London

BODY:

Several universities in the United Kingdom are standing by Chinese tech giant
Huawei despite doubts raised by other Western bodies, including the United
Nations and NATO over security concerns.

Several organizations in the UK, including Oxford University and Prince Charles'
personal charity the Prince's Trust, have severed ties with the technology
company recently.

National mobile phone network Vodafone said it will temporarily halt use of the
Huawei equipment in its core mobile phone networks and BT said it would remove
Huawei equipment from its 4G network.

However, Edinburgh and Napier Universities, which both have teaching and
research partnerships with Huawei, and Police Scotland, which uses the company's
broadband devices, have rejected concerns around the security of Huawei
products.

Huawei makes equipment including base stations, switches and routers, as well as
consumer products such as smartphones, but there has been concern from some
Western nations that the Chinese government could use Huawei's technology for
espionage, an allegation the company has rejected. The Chinese government also
repeatedly denied the allegation.

"We use mobile internet devices by the manufacturer Huawei with the internet
service provided by Vodafone," said Police Scotland.

"This service does not directly connect to our network. While BT carries out its
work to remove Huawei products, Police Scotland will follow a well-established
process to ensure any impact is kept to a minimum."

Huawei has partnered with a number of UK universities on academic research in
recent years.

Edinburgh University has received 5.1 million pounds ($6.6 million) in its
partnership with the tech company for a laboratory dedicated to researching data
management and processing.

"As with any research partnership that we undertake, this has undergone a
rigorous process of due diligence and is the result of long-term collaboration
between experts at the University of Edinburgh and Huawei," said an Edinburgh
University spokesperson.

Edinburgh Napier University, which collaborates with Huawei in information and
communications technology, added: "Our relationship with Huawei Technologies is
focused on teaching programs rather than research projects."

The Scottish universities are not the only institutions who are standing by the
tech company for the time being.

Huawei has also made sizable donations to the University of Surrey's 5G
Innovation Centre. The university told City AM, "Huawei is one of a number of
key partners, industrial, academic and government, with whom we are working to
develop 5G capabilities. We're committed to continuing our research, pushing the
frontiers of human knowledge. We will continue to work with all our research
partners, including Huawei, unless there are clear and compelling reasons not
to."

Huawei has also put more than 850,000 pounds into projects at the University of
Southampton such as development of innovative consumer 3D technologies. The
company also sends undergraduates to its headquarters in Shenzhen as part of its
Seeds for the Future program.

Elsewhere, the company has invested 90 million pounds in the University of
Manchester's National Graphene Institute.

The university said: "We have a range of relationships with corporate business
partners. These are not necessarily donations, but may be business development
projects or research collaborations. We have no plans to change our relationship
with Huawei but will monitor developments."

The University of York also said there are no plans to make changes to its
research project at the moment, while famed engineering school Imperial College
London, where Huawei funds a data science innovation lab, said it will continue
the relationship.

boleung@mail.chinadailyuk.com

(China Daily 02/01/2019 page10)


                             398 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 31, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: On chinadaily.com.cn

BODY:

Travel: Thailand to launch e-visa service

Thailand has announced that it will launch an e-visa service at its embassy in
Beijing on Feb 15, making it more convenient for Chinese tourists to apply for a
Thai visa. The service will be available at the country's consulates in other
cities in early March. Prospective visitors can fill out an application form and
make an appointment via the website thaievisa.go.th, and pay via online payment
platforms such as Alipay and WeChat Pay. However, they will have to submit their
passport for approval and fixing of the visa sticker at an embassy or consulate.

Report: Films about ethnic groups needed

China is the world's second-largest movie market, with annual output of more
than 1,000 films. However, few of the movies focus on the country's ethnic
groups, which account for about 30 percent of the population of more than 1
billion, according to a recent report from the ethnic film working committee of
the China Film Association. A few years ago, the committee, established in 2010,
teamed up with a number of government authorities and literary organizations to
launch a nationwide project to discover scripts about ethnic groups.

Photos: Treasure Gallery to open in Beijing

A new section of the Treasure Gallery of the Palace Museum in Beijing will be
opened to the public ahead of Spring Festival. The museum, also known as the
Forbidden City, served as the imperial palace from 1420 until 1911. It houses
1.86 million cultural relics. Only 400 of the most outstanding artifacts - such
as royal jewelry, gold and silver articles, and jade pieces - have earned a
place in the Treasure Gallery. The new section, which covers 220 square meters,
will focus on decorative bonsai, which were crucial for celebrations during
imperial times and display state-of-the-art craftsmanship. The largest artifact
on display is a 60-centimeter-high bonsai decorated with red coral.

Biz: Countries with most influential brands named

State Grid, Tencent, Haier, Huawei, Tsingtao, Sinochem and Air China are among
38 Chinese brands in a list of the world's 500 most influential, according to
consulting and research firm World Brand Lab. The rankings, of more than 20,000
brands worldwide, have been published annually since 2004. The 2018 edition
showed that the United States retained top spot with 223 brands, while France
(43 brands) and the United Kingdom (42) ranked second and third respectively.

(China Daily 01/31/2019 page22)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/98/154889587562.jpg

a41f726719b21dbc7d9f35.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/33/154889587617.jpg

a41f726719b21dbc7da436.jpg


                             399 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 31, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Apple admits high prices are a factor for flagging sales

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Apple sales in China dropped 27 percent in the final quarter of 2018, with CEO
Tim Cook admitting that higher iPhone prices are a "factor" in declining upgrade
rates.

The US tech giant said it brought in $13.2 billion in China in the quarter, down
from nearly $18 billion during the same period in 2017.

Apple registered shrinking sales revenue in China across all of its leading
products - iPhones, Macs, and iPads - along with reduced footfall in its stores.

China now contributes about 15.6 percent of Apple's total quarterly revenue,
down from about 20 percent a year earlier.

Consumers check iPhone variants at Apple Inc's flagship store in Hangzhou,
capital of Zhejiang province. Long Wei / For China Daily

In a conference call, Cook said that higher iPhone prices were a factor in the
declining revenue performance.

Cook explained that foreign exchange issues have amplified price differences in
international markets, particularly emerging markets, which tend to move more
significantly versus the dollar.

But he added that opportunities still abound in China, one of world's largest
consumer electronics markets. According to Apple, the company's wearable
business in the country is up more than 50 percent, and two-thirds of Macs and
iPads were bought by first-time local customers from September to December.

Apple's full-year revenue in China was in fact also slightly up, Cook said.

In the conference call, Cook also highlighted Apple's intensified efforts to
promote trade-ins and installment payments to revitalize iPhone sales.

Earlier this month, the company reduced the price of the iPhone XR and other
iPhones for its channel partners in China, allowing third-party vendors to
purchase cheaper iPhones and pass those savings to customers.

The move came as Apple is locked in fierce competition with local players
including Huawei Technologies Co Ltd and Xiaomi Corp.

Tuesday's earnings call was different because Apple no longer discloses how many
units it has sold of each of its most popular products, including the iPhone,
but a report from market research company Canalys offered a third-party view on
its performance.

In the fourth quarter, Apple shipped 71.7 million units of iPhones worldwide,
down 7 percent from a year earlier and falling short of its own expectations.
Huawei, instead, had a stunning 2018, which was topped off with 47 percent
growth to 60.5 million units in the fourth quarter and a record high 27 percent
market share in China, data from Canalys showed.

Xiang Ligang, a telecom veteran and CEO of telecom website Cctime, said:
"Cutting prices of iPhones will definitely boost the sales of iPhones in China,
for the previous pricing strategy was risking the company losing mass-market
consumers and rendering it as a niche luxury company."

"But slashing prices may also have a side effect: hurting its brand image,"
Xiang added.

For the quarter ending in December, Apple delivered overall earnings of $4.18
per share on revenue of $84.3 billion, exceeding expectations of $4.17 per share
and revenue of $83.97 billion, according to estimates compiled by Bloomberg.

The company said it expects to post revenue of between $55 billion to $59
billion for the fiscal second quarter of 2019 ending in March.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/31/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/39/154889589697.jpg

a41f726719b21dbc7a6a07.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/90/154889589759.jpg

a41f726719b21dbc7a8a08.jpg


                             400 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 30, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Luring back consumers with smart tech

BYLINE: Zhou Mo in Shenzhen, Guangdong

BODY:

In China's saturated smartphone market, industry players are desperately
rethinking survival strategies.

Hurt by slump, smartphone firms turn to advanced features like 5G, foldable
screens

In China's saturated smartphone market, industry players are desperately
rethinking survival strategies.

Alarm bells started ringing louder last month as soon as Apple Inc announced its
sales have slowed. This came amid slower economic growth, and against a backdrop
of a trade dispute with the United States and intensified competition among big
brands.

According to the China Academy of Information and Communications Technology,
Chinese smartphone shipments declined by 15.6 percent year-on-year to 414
million units in 2018.

Once again, domestic brands overwhelmingly sold the majority of handsets,
accounting for nearly 90 percent of all shipments, but even their number was
still down 14.9 percent compared with a year earlier.

Market research firm Canalys forecast the Chinese smartphone market will shrink
by another 3 percent this year and for shipments to fall below 400 million units
for the first time since 2014.

Experts and market analysts said a major reason behind the decline is product
homogenization.

"There are few significant breakthroughs in functions among the various brands
of smartphones. The current products on the market are able to meet consumers'
general demands, but there is a lack of stimulation for them to change their
mobile devices," said Jin Yuhao, an analyst with internet consultancy Analysys
in Beijing.

"Under this circumstance, domestic brands have a bigger advantage, because their
relatively lower prices can serve different types of consumers," he said.

Shenzhen's Huaqiang North is the country's largest electronics marketplace and
is believed to be a good barometer of the Chinese smartphone market.

Lu Lin, an iPhone wholesaler who has been working in the area for many years,
told China Daily that wholesale prices of the latest iPhones, which include the
iPhone XR, iPhone XS and iPhone XS Max, in Huaqiang North have all been
declining this month, with the iPhone XR dropping the most.

Lu presented a document showing that the wholesale price of an iPhone XR 64G was
5,040 yuan ($748) last Thursday, or almost 700 yuan cheaper than it was two
weeks ago.

"Sales of iPhones have been weakening since the launch of iPhone 8. There were
other price declines before, but it is the first time that I have seen such a
big price drop," Lu said.

The huge reductions are not just appearing among Apple's channel partners, but
also on e-commerce platforms, such as JD and Suning, and even the company's
official website.

It is Apple's biggest move ever to reinvigorate sales in the Chinese market.

Earlier this month, the technology giant lowered its quarterly revenue forecast
for the first time in almost two decades, citing "lower than anticipated iPhone
revenue, primarily in China" as a major factor.

In a letter to investors, CEO Tim Cook said the company slashed its revenue
guidance to $84 billion for the quarter ended Dec 29, down from earlier
estimates of $89 billion to $93 billion.

A few days after, South Korean smartphone maker Samsung Electronics Co Ltd
disappointed the market by predicting that its operating profit for the three
months ended December was approximately 10.8 trillion won ($9.7 billion), down
29 percent from the same period a year earlier, with mounting competition from
Chinese smartphone makers a key reason.

"Competition between domestic makers and their foreign rivals is going to become
more intense in the coming future. Without comparative edges, foreign smartphone
vendors are going to lose even more market share," said Roger Sheng, research
director at consultancy Gartner Inc.

According to market research firm Counterpoint, despite being the world's
biggest smartphone maker, Samsung accounted for only 1 percent of the Chinese
smartphone market in the third quarter of 2018.

Huawei Technologies Co Ltd continued to lead the country's smartphone market by
taking 23 percent of market share, followed by Vivo Communication Technology Co
Ltd and Oppo Electronics Corp, which accounted for 21 percent, respectively.
Xiaomi Corp ranked fourth with a 13 percent market share, while Apple came
fifth, accounting for only 9 percent.

To win over the market amid the sluggish environment, analysts said
technological advancement will be a key.

"People today are becoming more rational when buying smartphones. Therefore,
smartphone makers should make more efforts in research and development to
improve products' functions so that they can meet their critical need," Jin
said.

"Moreover, as the proportion of young consumers increases, it is also vital to
add more high-tech elements to smartphones and strengthen brand-building."

Artificial intelligence is one development focus. Smartphone makers are also
pinning their hopes on foldable screens to revive the market, with Xiaomi,
Samsung, Huawei and Oppo scrambling to roll out their foldable phones.

"Smartphone vendors have already been working on an artificial intelligence
function in smartphones and commercialization of 5G is also in process. There is
still space for development in the Chinese smartphone market," Jin said.

sally@chinadailyhk.com

Visitors check out smartphones at an expo in Beijing. Bloomberg

(China Daily 01/30/2019 page16)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/65/154880954472.jpg

a41f726b05111dbb2cdc13.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/89/154880954523.jpg

a41f726b05111dbb2ce014.jpg

                             401 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 30, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Mud slung at Huawei sticks to Washington

BODY:

At a news conference, acting US Attorney General Matthew Whitaker said that two
affiliates of Huawei had been indicted on 10 federal crimes related to
accusations that Huawei stole technology from T-Mobile, and that Huawei, its
chief financial officer, an affiliate in Iran and one of its subsidiaries in the
US had been indicted on 13 charges related to allegations that Huawei committed
financial fraud by violating US sanctions against doing business with Iran.

That these charges are politically motivated should be evident from the
extrajudicial nature of the sanctions-busting allegations - which is indicative
of the ingrained US hostility toward Iran - and the fact the T-Mobile technology
in question, robotic technology that tests the durability of smartphones, was
proudly being displayed on YouTube before the Huawei employees allegedly stole
it.

The fact that Apple, Facebook and Uber, among others, have been accused of
stealing trade secrets, as well as a steady stream of cases where people leave a
company with its know-how and sell that knowledge to competitors, shows how cut
and thrust the technology competition is.

Yet over the years, even though the US has developed a penchant for accusing
Chinese companies of stealing trade secrets and being a threat to national
security, on no occasion has it provided any solid evidence.

Last October, Bloomberg claimed China was putting spy chips in the hardware of
US companies. The companies cited denied that possibility. And no matter how
strong one's allegiance to the Stars and Stripes may be, there can no denying
that so far the only country that has been caught resorting to such nefarious
practices is - you guessed it - the US.

Such unwarranted accusations reveal the truth often demonstrated, that the US,
being in possession of a big fortune, believes other countries are beneath it.
China is at the crucial stage of its transformation from being a large country
to becoming a strong one, and this success, as embodied by companies such as
Huawei, has invited detraction.

Washington should be told a lie will not become truth even if it is repeated
1,000 times, or more.

The latest US decision, together with its pending request to Canada for the
extradition of Meng Wanzhou, Huawei's chief financial officer, shows the US is
determined to take a hard line on the Huawei case, but this will not deter
either China or Huawei from pursuing the heights of the 21st century.

(China Daily 01/30/2019 page8)


                             402 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 30, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Trade talks are not a contest to see who blinks first

BODY:

It is being anticipated that the upcoming talks between China and the United
States will produce some positive results, but whether those expectations are
met will depend on both sides being genuine in their efforts to bridge their
differences and reach an agreement.

The high profile makeup of the Chinese delegation that arrived in Washington on
Monday for the economic and trade negotiations scheduled for Wednesday and
Thursday, shows that China is sincere in seeking a workable solution to the two
countries' ongoing trade standoff.

Led by Vice-Premier Liu He, the delegation includes top officials from the
central bank, the National Development and Reform Commission, the Central
Committee for Financial and Economic Affairs, as well as the Ministry of
Commerce and other ministries.

However, sincerity from Beijing alone will not be enough.

That is why US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin saying on Monday that President
Donald Trump is set to meet Liu during his visit has been interpreted as a good
sign, as it suggests the US is also participating in the talks in good faith.

But while it is evident to both sides that it is in their own interests, and to
the benefit of the world economy as a whole, that they end their trade dispute,
it remains to be seen if they can maneuver their way to such an outcome.
Especially given the timing of the US Justice Department's move against the
Chinese telecommunications company Huawei, which were announced on Monday.

Issues to be discussed are complicated enough, without any additional
complications - such as why that move is wrong - being added to the mix.

The two sides will need to ensure their discussions stay on track if a framework
for progress is to be produced, without which it will be very hard to prevent
the cease-fire ending without an agreement. The subsequent trade war would do
grievous harm to the global economy, as well as the Chinese and US economies. As
the global financial crisis that originated in the US showed, such damage would
take a long time to fix.

Just the breadth and depth of their discussions is daunting to consider.
Nevertheless, China's commitment and determination to deepen reform and
opening-up have been demonstrated with new measures that provide a solid
platform to build on, so long as the two sides can agree on a timeframe for
further measures, and reciprocal actions are forthcoming.

There will be around 30 days for further negotiations after the meetings in
Washington before the March 2 deadline for the suspension of further US tariffs
on Chinese goods expires.

It is to be hoped that focuses attention on the need to be reasonable and
sober-minded, because a full-scale trade war between the two economic
powerhouses would certainly make for more uncertain times.

(China Daily 01/30/2019 page8)


                             403 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 30, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Beijing slams US request for Huawei CFO

BYLINE: Cao Desheng and Zhou Jin

BODY:

Beijing strongly protested Washington's extradition request of Huawei Chief
Financial Officer Meng Wanzhou and demanded "objective" treatment for Chinese
enterprises.

Ministry demands extradition order withdrawal, fair treatment for firms

Beijing strongly protested Washington's extradition request of Huawei Chief
Financial Officer Meng Wanzhou and demanded "objective" treatment for Chinese
enterprises.

Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said on Tuesday that China is
dissatisfied with and firmly opposed to the United States' extradition demand
and its disregarding Beijing's stern representations.

"We call on the US side to immediately withdraw the arrest warrant for Meng
Wanzhou as well as the official extradition request," Geng said at a daily news
conference.

He also urged Canada to take China's position seriously, release Meng
immediately and ensure that her lawful and legitimate rights and interests are
protected. Ottawa should not risk endangering itself for other's gains, he
added.

The US Justice Department unsealed criminal charges Monday against Huawei and
its several subsidiaries, as well as Meng herself, alleging the company stole
trade secrets, misled banks about its business and violated US sanctions.
Canada's Justice Department confirmed later that officials had received a formal
extradition request from the US, Canadian Broadcasting Corp reported.

Earlier on Tuesday, Geng warned Washington in a statement to stop its campaign
against Chinese enterprises, including Huawei.

"China calls on the US to treat Chinese companies in an objective and fair
manner," Geng said in the statement, adding that the country will firmly defend
the legitimate interests of Chinese enterprises.

"For some time, the US has been using its power to tarnish and crack down on
specific Chinese enterprises in an attempt to strangle their lawful and
legitimate operations. Those acts were motivated by strong political intentions
and manipulation," he said.

Huawei has denied committing any of the violations cited in the US charges. The
Chinese telecommunications giant said in a statement on Tuesday that it tried to
discuss the investigation with US prosecutors following the arrest of Meng in
Vancouver, but that request was rejected.

The company noted the allegations in the trade secrets charges were already the
subject of a US civil lawsuit that was settled.

Huawei added it is "not aware of any wrongdoing by Meng and believes the US
courts will ultimately reach the same conclusion."

Meng was detained in Vancouver at the request of the US on Dec 1 in connection
with alleged violations of US sanctions on Iran. She faces an extradition
hearing on Wednesday.

On Friday, Canadian Ambassador to China John McCallum was asked to resign due to
his comment on the extradition of Meng. He said it would be "great for Canada"
if the US drops its extradition request against Meng.

Zhou Fangyin, a foreign policy researcher at the Guangdong Institute for
International Strategies, said Meng's case is obviously not a legal case, but
politically motivated.

Meng's case is neither related to the national security of Canada, nor is it
related to its economic interests, Zhou said. The attitude of the Canadian
government reveals how severely this matter is politicized, he added.

Ma Si contributed to this story.

Contact the writers at caodesheng@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/30/2019 page1)


                             404 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 30, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Nation to ratchet up efforts on 5G technology development

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

China will ratchet up efforts to commercialize 5G communication technology and
welcomes foreign enterprises to join the process as part of the country's push
to expand opening-up policies, the top industry regulator said on Tuesday.

Wen Ku, a spokesman for the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology,
said at a news conference that the first commercial 5G smartphones are likely to
become a reality this year.

"Chinese enterprises will deepen their partnerships with foreign companies so
that global consumers can benefit from faster telecommunications and other
5G-related services as soon as possible," Wen added.

Foreign technology companies have played an active part in China's third-phase
5G tests, which ended in December, and they have prepared pre-commercial
devices, he said.

The comments came as China conducts trial operations of 5G systems in several
cities and aims to fully commercialize the superfast technology by 2020.

On Monday, a test for virtual reality live transmission via the 5G network in
China was successfully completed. The broadcast, enabled by telecom equipment
maker Huawei's technology, will allow TV audiences to have a panoramic view of
this year's Spring Festival gala.

Wang Yanhui, secretary-general of Mobile China Alliance, an industry
association, said "China's open attitude toward foreign companies in 5G stands
in sharp contrast to the US, which banned some Chinese enterprises from entering
its telecom market on "national security concerns".

On Monday, the US announced criminal charges against Huawei. Wen called the
accusations unfair.

At the news conference, Minister of Industry and Information Technology Miao Wei
called on the US government to stop the "wrong practice" of putting restrictions
on exporting US technology and products to Fujian Jinhua Integrated Circuit Co,
a major Chinese chipmaker.

"The US Commerce Department is misusing national security concerns and abusing
export control measures. It is groundless for a country to use such excuses to
put an export ban on a company that is still under construction, and has not yet
started mass production," Miao said.

The incident originated from a legal dispute among US chipmaker Micron
Technology Inc, Jinhua and Taiwan-based chip designer UMC.

"Jinhua has no technology and all of its technology was transferred from UMC. If
there is any technology dispute, it is UMC that should be held responsible,"
Miao added.

Despite trade frictions between some economies, the top industry regulator said
on Tuesday the actual use of foreign capital in China's manufacturing sector
reached $41.2 billion in 2018, up 22.9 percent year-on-year.

A number of major foreign-funded projects were launched in China last year,
including US auto giant Tesla Inc's 50-billion-yuan ($7.42 billion) plant in
Shanghai, which effectively rebutted the rumor that foreign capital is fleeing
the country.

"We are considering a further expansion of market access to telecom and other
industries, with more business scope open to foreign companies," Miao said.

Qu Xianming, an expert at the National Manufacturing Strategy Advisory
Committee, said, "China is still a hot choice for foreign investment. The
government's push to create a pro-business environment will help overseas
companies better tap into the huge market."

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/30/2019 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/59/154880956770.jpg

a41f726719b21dbb279a03.jpg


                             405 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 29, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Actions in Huawei case questionable

BYLINE: Song Yunbo

BODY:

With the United States determined to get Meng Wanzhou, Huawei chief financial
officer, extradited from Canada, Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying has
reiterated China's solemn stance against Washington's arbitrary action, as it
severely violates the spirit of international law. The US' action not only lacks
legitimacy but also is tantamount to technology bullying.

The US seeks the extradition of Meng saying she and her company have violated US
sanctions on Iran. But Huawei, a leading Chinese telecommunications and
high-tech company, has made it clear that it fully adheres to all the rules and
regulations of the countries it operates in.

China's stance has been consistent when it comes to US unilateral sanctions on
Iran which ignore the UN Security Council view and international law, and are
opposed by other countries, including US allies such as Canada.

Washington's action is highly political

The US' unilateral action is highly political. It seems the motivation behind
the US move is to deprive China of achieving new breakthroughs in technology,
especially in high-tech.

Viewed in the backdrop of the current China-US trade frictions and the Donald
Trump administration's "America First" policy, the extradition of Meng from
Canada seems related to the US' strategy of suffocating Chinese high-tech
companies on the pretext of national security. It also calls into question the
US' claim of practicing "independent justice".

Besides, the question of whether Huawei has violated the so-called US sanctions
against Iran is not clear. The Meng case is not a simple judicial case but
related to the US' move to deliberately hinder China's high-tech development.

Extradition demand is not sacrosanct

However, there are precedents of such US extradition demands being withdrawn.
For example, the Barack Obama administration withdrew the extradition demand for
14 Iranians.

Also, there are indications that Washington's move may not be related to US
national security rather it could be aimed at gaining the upper hand in the
negotiations with Beijing to resolve bilateral trade disputes.

In recent years, the US administration has used national security as an excuse
to make it increasingly difficult for Chinese high-tech companies including
Huawei and ZTE to do business in the US in an effort to damage their reputation
in the field of 5G.

US sanctions on Iran not justified

The US demand for Meng's extradition lacks legitimacy when viewed in the context
of international law. Washington asked Ottawa to detain Meng saying her company,
Huawei, had violated US sanctions on Iran. But based on the verdict of the
International Court of Justice in October 2018, the US sanctions violate the
Washington-Teheran economic and consular treaty signed in 1955. Actually, the
ICJ urged the US to withdraw its unjustified sanctions.

After the ICJ verdict, the US said it had withdrawn from the treaty with Iran.
But that does not make the US' past or current moves legitimate. In addition,
the US' withdrawal from the deal is a gross violation of the basic principle of
international law.

By contrast, China has consistently adhered to international laws and
regulations, and faithfully fulfilled its international obligations while
opposing strong-arm tactics and hegemony.

The US' unilateral sanctions against Iran do not have the approval of the UN
Security Council. As such, they cannot be cited as a reason to demand the
extradition of Meng, or any other person. The sanctions against Iran are based
on the US' domestic laws, but US laws are not applicable outside US territory or
to people other than American citizens. But the US uses its global political
power to force other countries to fall in line.

No solid evidence against Meng

The US Department of Justice has not found any evidence that could prove Meng
has violated US laws. In law, a person is innocent until proven guilty - but the
US believes otherwise. From the Canadian authorities issuing a temporary warrant
to detain Meng on the US' request for extradition to the final verdict that took
about 60 days, she was released on bail but without the right to leave the
country. This raises questions on the legitimacy of Canada's judicial action.

By abusing their bilateral extradition agreement, Washington and Ottawa have
violated Meng's legal rights. Her individual freedom has been infringed upon
without any reason as has been her and her company's legal consular protection
rights, which in turn have had a serious impact on Huawei's operations and other
commercial interests. The lengthy judicial process and its negative effects have
also damaged her and her company's reputation.

Domestic laws not applicable overseas

More importantly, the extradition treaty signed by the US and Canada in 1976,
and the extradition law formulated by Canada in 1999 cannot be used in the
context of the unilateral US sanctions on Iran.

Moreover, based on the principle of achieving shared growth through discussion
and collaboration, the US' abuse of power violates all bilateral and
multilateral principles. In such circumstances, how can other countries counter
the threat of power politics and protect their security interests?

The author is an associate professor at the School of International Law,
Southwest University of Political Science and Law.

(China Daily 01/29/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/58/154872335602.jpg

00221917e13e1db9d93c19.jpg


                             406 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 29, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Accusations against Huawei all smears, with no substance

BODY:

The West has long taken pride in claiming the moral high ground with regard to
the rule of law, a just and transparent business environment and a level playing
field for businesses, while at the same time accusing China of lacking them. But
the way some Western countries are suppressing the development of the Chinese
telecommunications company Huawei gives the lie to these claims and shows them
to be nothing more than a means to an end.

So much for the presumption of innocence - Huawei has been declared guilty
without a trial and without any hope of appeal in the United States, Australia,
Japan, New Zealand and the United Kingdom, all of which have banned the use of
its equipment. And the European Union seems set to follow suit.

It doesn't take the deductive reasoning of Sherlock Holmes to see the United
States is the common factor in this witch hunt, as the others are all its go-to
allies. Their actions are a concerted effort to use national security as an
excuse to destroy the legitimate business operations of the Chinese company
which are in full swing.

Why? Because as Ren Zhengfei, CEO and founder of Huawei, said in a rare
interview recently there are only a few manufacturers in the world that can make
5G products, and Huawei is the best of them, and it is currently the only
manufacturer in the world that is capable of equipping 5G base stations with the
state-of-the-art microwave technology.

So despite the fact Huawei has been operating in 170 countries worldwide,
including in developed countries, without causing any concerns, and despite the
fact it has signed 30 5G commercial contracts and delivered more than 25,000 5G
base stations worldwide without being involved in any security incident, the US
- perhaps concerned it will no longer be able to spy on everyone if it is not
the one that has supplied the equipment, it being the only one known to do so -
has been rounding up its allies to conduct a smear campaign against the Chinese
company.

That its allies have readily joined the politically motivated game the US has
orchestrated is extremely disappointing as it shows they have surrendered any
autonomy of action. It is especially upsetting that the EU might decide to join
them, as China has always considered the bloc to be a comprehensive strategic
partner that it can work with to uphold rules-based multilateralism and oppose
the might-is-right unilateralism of the US.

However, it is evident that the fear mongering of the US has been paying off,
and its allies are willing to follow its lead in violating free business
competition and the rule of law for a pat on the back. Even the US' highhanded
action in pursuing Huawei's chief financial officer has not given these
countries pause for thought.

Instead of letting the US tell it what to do, the EU should exercise its own
discretion.

(China Daily 01/29/2019 page8)


                             407 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 29, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Envoy to EU slams treatment of Huawei

BYLINE: Chen Weihua in Brussels

BODY:

China's ambassador to the European Union blasted the treatment of Huawei
Technologies and other Chinese companies, saying such behavior will hamper the
development of 5G mobile technology.

Zhang Ming said in the Financial Times on Monday that "someone is sparing no
efforts in fabricating a security story about Huawei" and "I do not think that
this story has anything to do with security, and the so-called security concerns
are not supported by any facts or evidence.

"Rather I believe that it is an act of protectionism with a political motive.
That indicates a pushback against globalization."

Huawei, based in Shenzhen, Guangdong province, is a leading global provider of
information and communication technology infrastructure and smart devices, and
is regarded as a leader in the development of 5G technology.

"Such a move is indiscriminately trying to turn a business issue into a
political one or even a security one, and that completely violates the
principles of free and fair competition," Zhang said.

The New York Times reported on Sunday that countries such as the United Kingdom,
Germany and Poland are all under pressure from the US to bar Huawei from
building 5G networks.

"Over the past year, the United States has embarked on a stealthy, occasionally
threatening, global campaign to prevent Huawei and other Chinese firms from
participating in the most dramatic remaking of the plumbing that controls the
internet since it sputtered into being, in pieces, 35 years ago," wrote New York
Times' veteran national security correspondent David Sanger and his colleagues.

Zhang, who took up his current post in 2017 after serving as China's
vice-foreign minister from 2013 to 2017, said 5G technology is a product of open
global cooperation, and a good thing for the entire world.

"The global industrial, supply and value chains are highly intertwined in this
area and cannot be artificially and deliberately cut by anyone," he said.

To do so would be "very irresponsible", Zhang said, and might bring "serious
consequences to global economic and scientific cooperation".

Noting that China and the EU have established their comprehensive strategic
partnership and both support multilateralism and a rules-based international
order, Zhang hopes the EU understands where its interests lie and holds a
rational, open and objective attitude.

He called on the EU to uphold free and fair competition, ensure multilateral
economic and technological cooperation, and resist exclusive and discriminatory
policies.

"As partners for cooperation, we should strive to promote globalization rather
than the tribalization of the global system," Zhang said.

chenweihua@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/29/2019 page3)


                             408 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 28, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: FM: Removal of envoy part of 'immoral' practices

BYLINE: Cao Desheng in Beijing and Na Li in Toronto

BODY:

The resignation of Canadian Ambassador to China John McCallum has further
demonstrated the political motives behind Ottawa's detention of Huawei Chief
Financial Officer Meng Wanzhou, said those familiar with the matter.

Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said in a statement on Saturday that,
"Last night I asked for and accepted John McCallum's resignation as Canada's
ambassador to China." The statement did not specify the reason for McCallum's
removal.

Ruan Zongze, executive vice-president of the China Institute of International
Studies, said McCallum's resignation was due to McCallum's "relatively
objective" comments over the extradition of Meng to the United States - and his
remarks seem to be not "politically correct" in Canada regarding the case.

McCallum came under fire earlier last week for comments about the extradition
case that he made to Chinese journalists in Toronto. He said Meng had a strong
case to fight extradition to the US, and listed several arguments he believed
could help her with her case.

On Thursday, McCallum said in a statement that he "misspoke" on Meng's case.
Trudeau stood by McCallum then and argued that replacing McCallum would not help
the present difficult situation Canada and China are involved in over the
escalating tensions and crisis following Meng's arrest.

However, the resignation came after McCallum was quoted in StarMetro, Vancouver
edition, on Friday as saying it would be "great for Canada" if the US drops its
extradition request against Meng.

Meng was arrested in Vancouver at the request of the US on Dec 1 and has since
been released on bail. The US Department of Justice said it would pursue
extradition of Meng from Canada.

Ruan said McCallum's removal is evidence of political manipulation over Meng's
case, which runs counter to the rule of law that Canada claims to abide by
regarding the case.

State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi said at a media briefing in Rome on
Friday that some countries' attempts to discredit and contain Chinese high-tech
companies like Huawei by leveraging their state power are "unfair and immoral".

Wang urged other countries to guard against such bullying practices.

Contact the writers at caodesheng@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/28/2019 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/50/154863662115.jpg

00221917e13e1db890f807.jpg


                             409 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 28, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: WEF explores impact of future technologies

BYLINE: Chen Weihua in Davos, Switzerland

BODY:

The 2019 annual meeting of the World Economic Forum sent a strong message that
new technologies will be game changers amid Globalization 4.0 and the Fourth
Industrial Revolution.

Many presentations during the forum, held from Jan 22 to 25 in Davos,
Switzerland, focused on the impact of new technologies including artificial
intelligence, and the impact on everything from jobs and society to wealth gaps.

"We want to be future-oriented, and not just absorbed by crisis management," WEF
Founder and Executive Chairman Klaus Schwab said in his opening remarks on
Tuesday after a video presentation showing the polarities of globalization, from
megacities to refugee camps, and classrooms to outer space.

Ken Hu, vice-chairman and rotating chairman of Huawei Technologies, said that
the fifth generation of mobile communications technology will be rolled out in
110 countries by 2025, bringing unprecedented benefits for consumers and
business.

"I believe there will be more focus on benefits to business as well as social
value," he said of Globalization 4.0, and cited the potential of technology to
make lives better for people living with disabilities, provide better access to
banking services, and help feed an expanding global population.

"The social value we can create should be part of key considerations by
businesses," Hu said at a talk on Tuesday on the strategic outlook for the
digital economy.

Artificial intelligence has been one of the most frequently heard phrases at the
forum. On Wednesday, WEF launched the Artificial Intelligence Council, to be
co-chaired by Sinovation Ventures CEO Lee Kai-Fu and Microsoft President
Bradford Smith.

"Artificial Intelligence brings great benefits. But people are now facing new
challenges, such as ethical issues with AI, personal data protection, and
replacement of human jobs. The AI Council is committed to helping people solve
these problems," Lee said.

IBM CEO Ginni Rometty warned on Thursday that the skills gap and job insecurity
fears are real as automation continues apace. "When we talk of a skills crisis,
I really do believe that 100 percent of jobs will change," she said.

But Rometty believes that the crisis is not impossible to overcome. She suggests
developing a new education and career model: "new collar", not blue collar or
white collar.

This means investing in skills development and responding in real time to the
changing skills landscape. It also means breaking free from traditional models
of recruiting those with four-year and advanced degrees.

"We as a company are passionate that if we don't fix this issue, right now, at
the rate it's moving, you will have unrest," she said.

Rafael Lalive and Daniel Oesch, two professors at the University of Lausanne,
said in a Credit Suisse Research Institute report distributed by the WEF on
Friday that, "While technological change will not lead to the end of work, it
will certainly displace people from occupations and sectors."

Some forecast a major change of social systems brought about by new
technologies.

Hilary Cottam, a United Kingdom social entrepreneur, suggested a "social
revolution" to accompany the Fourth Industrial Revolution that digital
technology has ushered in. She said that the welfare systems that were set up in
the last century no longer work.

"In every industrial revolution there has been a social revolution, because
every industrial revolution has created huge inequalities. All the different
sectors of society must come together to help design an architecture that allows
us to make the transitions required," Cottam said on Friday.

While some blamed technologies for the growing wealth gap, Amitabh Kant, CEO of
the National Institution for Transforming India, disagreed.

Citing the case in India, he said that technology can make a "radical
difference" and should be used a lot more vigorously, with governments bringing
digital solutions to bear in critical areas of nutrition, healthcare and
education.

Kant credited technology for having helped lift 250 million Indians above the
poverty line, and the roll-out of dozens of applications, such as mobile bank
accounts across the vast country, thereby dramatically improving lives.

At the WEF annual meeting, many African nations showed a strong desire to
embrace the Fourth Industrial Revolution and an increasingly digital future.

South African President Cyril Ramaphosa and Rwandan President Paul Kagame called
on Thursday for the continent to take advantage of digital technologies to spur
job creation and develop human capital.

They urged governments to encourage the young to embrace technology, and put
information and communications technologies at the center of Africa's
socio-economic development goals.

"Africa now has this great opportunity, having lost out on previous revolutions,
to leapfrog ahead," Ramaphosa said.

On Wednesday, Kagame joined Alibaba Group founder Jack Ma in a conversation on
digitizing emerging markets. Rwanda is seeking to increase its share of digital
commerce revenues by joining the Alibaba-led trading platform, Electronic World
Trade Platform, which aims to connect developing nations with Chinese buyers and
sellers.

Having signed onto the platform in October, Kagame explained that the
opportunity to sell on the system "brings in the otherwise marginalized, such as
... the young people, the farmers. This has helped connect them with consumers."

He added that extending digital commerce through the trading platforms has
"democratized the benefits" of global trade.

Ma said the trading platform is a means to level the playing field for young
people and smaller enterprises to give them direct access to global markets.

chenweihua@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/28/2019 page1)


                             410 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 28, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Ottawa should realize right decision is to release Meng

BODY:

The political life of John McCallum, who was the Canadian ambassador to China,
took a dramatic turn on Friday after Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau
forced him to resign for his comments regarding Canada's detention of Huawei's
chief financial officer, who is being held by Canada at the request of the
United States.

Everybody knows that the US is seeking the extradition of Meng Wanzhou as part
of its pressure tactics against the Chinese tech company and China. McCallum was
merely stating the truth when he observed that Meng has a strong case against
extradition, which he rightly said was politically motivated.

The Canadian government may feel obliged to dance to the tune of the US, and
that, in this instance, the bilateral extradition treaty between the two
countries gives it an excuse to do so. But it should not let its commitment to
Washington confuse right and wrong and even becloud its judgment about what is
fair and just.

As McCallum pointed out, the political interference from the White House, the
extraterritorial nature of the charges and the fact that Canada is not party to
US sanctions against Iran all mean Meng has a strong case against extradition.

In fact, he could have gone further and made it clear that the spurious request
for her extradition means she should not have been detained in the first place.

Although what he said is 100 percent true, his words seem to have fallen on deaf
ears at home. Those who have attacked McCallum should feel ashamed of
themselves.

Trudeau's firing of the ambassador shows how sensitive Ottawa is to the pickle
it has got itself into at the behest of the US.

In fact, before the Huawei case broke out, Trudeau had been dedicated to
improving bilateral ties, and sending McCallum, an old China hand, to Beijing
was part of his efforts.

The US has made it clear last week it will pursue Meng's extradition, so the
political mess that Ottawa is floundering in could get a lot worse if it chooses
to accede to the US request for Meng's extradition despite the problems with the
case that McCallum, among others, has pointed out.

It is high time Trudeau reflected upon whether it is worthwhile allowing the US
to lead him by the nose.

The best solution for Ottawa to emerge with any credibility from the mess it has
created is to admit its error of judgment and return freedom to Meng. It is
hoped Ottawa will make the wise choice, a choice that is based on reason and
fairness and not on political calculations of how to best get on with the
country's rambunctious southern neighbor.

(China Daily 01/28/2019 page8)


                             411 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 28, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Tech's the new soft power

BYLINE: Cheng Yu

BODY:

The consumption power of more than 1 million foreigners working or studying in
China is disproportionately bigger than their tiny share (0.07 percent) of the
total population - and whizzes of the country's homegrown tech ecosystem are
sitting up and taking notice, as the economy transitions from export and
investment-led growth to a consumption-driven model.

China's innovations impress foreigners, change startup game, boost confidence

The consumption power of more than 1 million foreigners working or studying in
China is disproportionately bigger than their tiny share (0.07 percent) of the
total population - and whizzes of the country's homegrown tech ecosystem are
sitting up and taking notice, as the economy transitions from export and
investment-led growth to a consumption-driven model.

Manufacturers of gadgets, providers of technology-enabled services, and
developers of intellectual property like innovative technologies are all vying
to make life easier for the relatively small but monetarily significant
foreigner community in China.

French engineer Sebastien Bernard, 37, will probably agree. He came to work and
live in Beijing four months ago. The first thing he was asked to do by his
friends and colleagues was to download and install WeChat, the all-in-one killer
app, on his smartphone.

He complied, and his life is much the better for it, he said. As it transpired,
Bernard was e-invited to join a WeChat group.

Initially, 15 foreigners chatted with each other and shared their life
experiences on the e-group. Gradually, the group grew to a 200-member community
of sorts that shared not just useful information like job links or party
invitations but, wait for it, e-commerce discount coupons and weekend getaway
packages.

Friendly advice sensitized Bernard to other treasures on WeChat. Among many
other things, he learned to use the app to order food, book a taxi ride, buy
movie tickets, and make digital payments for e-commerce.

Using Chinese apps, some of his friends even play online games, and borrow or
lend money using e-credit channels that are redefining inclusive finance.

According to a WeChat report, by May 2017, foreigners in China sent 60 percent
more WeChat messages than Chinese users on average per month. They also use
WeChat audio calls 42 percent more than Chinese users.

Notably, foreigners in China are good at using different functions or features
of WeChat. On average, they use emojis 45 percent more than Chinese users per
day. Typically, a foreigner sends 10"red packets" - cash e-gifts - per month.
Nearly 65 percent of foreigners who use WeChat use the app's digital payment
tool WeChat Pay.

"Here in China, having WeChat and Alipay accounts is like being plugged into the
world. The apps include almost every conceivable service that can help make
modern life easy," said Bernard.

Agreed Yang Qiguang, 26, a researcher from Columbia University's Tow Center who
is pursuing PhD at the Renmin University of China in Beijing. "Chinese companies
are creating a tech ecosystem that helps everyone, including foreigners, to work
and live in a more convenient way."

Forming social networks using e-tools has become integral to modern life,
particularly in urban areas - and China's tech ecosystem perhaps performs this
function better than any other, by bundling consumption-related conveniences, he
said.

"The tech ecosystem here facilitates people, including foreigners, to spend
more. It is also boosting the confidence of both domestic and foreign companies
operating in China. They know they now have powerful and reliable e-tools like
apps to drive sales in a humongous market with more than 1 billion consumers,"
he said.

That's not all. Yang said China's tech ecosystem is fostering
entrepreneurialism. Even foreigners living in China are beginning to use Chinese
apps to start up in a variety of fields, including technology, education and
entertainment. All this business activity is a long-term positive effect for the
Chinese economy, he said.

Yang could well have been speaking about David Collier, 52, a Briton who has
founded four startups so far, respectively in the United States, the United
Kingdom and China.

Rikai Labs, his WeChat-based e-learning business in China, helps Chinese users
to master the English language through proprietary automated software. Collier
said every seven years, a big platform shift comes along - from web to mobile
apps; from apps to messaging platforms - that creates huge opportunities.

"We chose to base our business on WeChat because it provides a great platform
for a knowledge service. You have to build your business where people are
spending their time, and the biggest messaging platform of all is WeChat," he
said.

"Also, we can use WeChat payment for instant payment, QR codes for marketing
purposes and to track user acquisition channels. Now with WeChat's mini
programs, we can add interactive games and other features."

There's more. Links to Rikai Labs and related content can be shared socially
online. "It provides a very compelling platform with real-time features, social
distribution, marketing hooks and monetization," Collier said.

But risks abound too, he said. Platforms such as WeChat have become extremely
competitive for startups. "If you don't move at high speed, riding with WeChat
is like taking the maglev."

Data, however, suggest that foreigners appear to have an edge over Chinese users
in exploiting the local tech ecosystem for small businesses and online social
networking, which actually helps businesses directly or indirectly.

A case in point is Baopals, a startup founded by three expatriates. Call it the
English Taobao, if you will. Baopals is anchored in Taobao and Tmall, the online
shopping platforms owned by Alibaba Group, China's tech giant.

In July 2015, Charlie Erickson, Jay Thornhill and Tyler McNew, all US citizens
in their late 20s and early 30s, developed Baopals, a website that helps
translate product information on the Chinese Taobao and Tmall into English. In
one stroke, the trio thus opened up the astonishing world of Chinese e-commerce,
or 800 million products, to non-Chinese consumers in China.

Baopals already boasts 40,000 registered users, with 16,000 of them joining last
year alone, doubling the user count in 2017. A Baopals user buys 58 items on
average per year, and spends about 2,500 yuan ($368) to 3,500 yuan annually.

In addition to English, the website has Korean and Russian versions, making
e-shopping simpler for foreigners in China.

The website is going from strength to strength on the back of the trio's
innovations. It has introduced attractive sections like "The Cool, The Cheap&
The Crazy". It accepts Alipay, WeChat Wallet and China UnionPay for payments.

Although e-commerce destinations are dime a dozen in China, most of them are in
Chinese, and cater to Chinese consumers, so Baopals stands out, said Thornhill.

"Even on Amazon China, the default language is Chinese. When you switch to
English, you still see lots of content in Chinese. They just haven't made the
effort to serve China's expat population properly," he said.

That gap should spell business opportunities for those looking to start up, he
said. "We are also changing the stereotype that Chinese goods are cheap products
with low quality," he said, adding that several products including Xiaomi air
purifiers and Huawei products are very popular among foreigners.

According to Thornhill, Baopals' revenue comes from service fee paid by
shoppers. It charges a service fee of 5 percent of each item's price, plus a
small fixed fee based on the item's price - 2 yuan for items priced below 30
yuan, and 8 yuan for items priced above 90 yuan. More than 2.3 million products
had been sold by Jan 17 this year, a huge increase from the same period last
year.

Given the experience in China, it is clear that homegrown technologies can
succeed outside the mainland, he said. "This year is going to be a big year for
Baopals, as we'll be launching our global service. Expats leaving China can
continue buying things they love here, and foreigners everywhere can discover
the treasures of China's online shopping."

Agreed Yang from the Tow Center. China's tech ecosystem, he said, provides
foreigners on the mainland with well-rounded platforms to do business not only
in China but across the world.

"It may take years for foreigners to build such infrastructure themselves. The
time and energy saved during the process can be used for bolstering their own
products and business."

It's not just small players such as Baopals that are drawing confidence from
their success in China. Even e-payment giants such as WeChat Pay and Alipay,
emboldened by their rapid adoption among foreigners in China, are confident of
replicating their success worldwide.

Alipay has introduced its payment services, including departure tax refunds, at
10 major international airports in Japan, Thailand and New Zealand. Although the
initial goal is to serve Chinese tourists traveling overseas, the larger plan is
to roll out Chinese technologies worldwide and gain a global visibility and
footprint.

So, it has struck cooperation agreements with local banks and companies in
foreign markets, to provide e-payment services. For instance, its partners in
Japan are Hida Credit Union and Kyoto Shinkin Bank, which helps attract Japanese
users as well. Using such strategies, Alipay has accumulated more than 1 billion
users in all, including 300 million outside China.

chengyu@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/28/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/40/154863664150.jpg

a41f726719b21db8827604.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/66/154863664194.jpg

a41f726719b21db8827e05.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/74/154863664250.jpg

a41f726719b21db8828106.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/34/154863664298.jpg

a41f726719b21db882a307.jpg


                             412 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 25, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Interim licenses help firms to dip toe in 5G sea

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

China's plan to issue interim 5G licenses in 2019 will accelerate the maturity
of the whole telecom value chain and expedite the commercial use of the
superfast technology, but also reflects the financial pressure on telecom
carriers which have not yet recouped their gigantic investments in 4G network
construction, experts said.

Result will accelerate plans and bring superfast speeds to cities initially,
while allowing telecom giants to spread costs

China's plan to issue interim 5G licenses in 2019 will accelerate the maturity
of the whole telecom value chain and expedite the commercial use of the
superfast technology, but also reflects the financial pressure on telecom
carriers which have not yet recouped their gigantic investments in 4G network
construction, experts said.

Xiang Ligang, a telecom expert and CEO of industry website Cctime, said interim
licenses refer to non-nationwide licenses which can only be applied to key
cities for some time.

"The step marks another acceleration in China's efforts to commercialize 5G, but
it also indicates that the nation is trying to control the scale and rhythm of
rolling out the next-gen network, to avoid too much financial pressure on
telecom carriers," Xiang said.

The comments came after the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the
nation's top industry regulator, said that interim 5G licenses will be issued in
a number of cities to enable the large-scale construction of 5G networks in key
regions.

Miao Wei, minister of industry and information technology, said in an interview
with China Central Television earlier this month that commercial 5G products
including smartphones and tablets will hit the market in the latter half of
2019. He said the country also aims to expedite the use of 5G in education,
healthcare and other sectors.

Currently, China's big three telecom carriers, China Mobile, China Unicom and
China Telecom, are working on large-scale 5G trials and application tests in up
to 17 cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou in Guangdong province, and
Hangzhou in Zhejiang province. The new 5G systems are expected to be 10 times
faster than 4G and will support superfast movie downloads, self-driving cars and
the streaming of virtual reality games.

China is eyeing pre-commercial use of 5G this year and official
commercialization in 2020.

Investment bank China International Capital Corp Ltd said in a research note
that granting interim 5G licenses reflects Beijing's eagerness to push local
governments and telecom carriers to further their construction efforts, which is
good news for telecom equipment makers including Huawei Technologies Co Ltd and
ZTE Corp.

Also in the interview, Miao said he highly values the role 5G plays in ushering
in the internet of things era, predicting that 20 percent of 5G infrastructure
will be used to connect people with people and the remaining 80 percent to serve
the internet of things.

Li Hongtao, an analyst at Caitong Securities, agreed and said that 5G network
construction will be faster than expected and telecom carriers will accelerate
their steps to build technical road maps.

"Capital spending will grow. Overall, about 100,000 new base stations are likely
to be built and investment into wireless networks will also increase," Li said.

In December, the government allocated specific low and medium-frequency bands to
the country's big three telecom carriers, which the new products will tune into.

The interim 5G licenses are also encouraging local governments to announce their
own plans to accelerate the deployment of 5G networks. Telecom authorities in
Beijing, Guangdong, Henan province and other regions have all detailed their
efforts.

China Mobile, China Unicom, China Telecom and China Tower Corp, which manages
most of the nation's telecom towers, also said in 2018 that they will invest
more than 200 billion yuan ($29 billion) over four years to build up
cutting-edge 5G information infrastructure in the nation's Yangtze River Delta
region. Deals have been inked with local authorities from Shanghai and its three
neighboring provinces of Zhejiang, Jiangsu and Anhui.

But the gigantic construction of the sprawling next-gen network infrastructure
will demand huge investment, weighing pressure on telecom carriers which have
only just poured in considerable resources to build a 4G network.

"The cost of building a 5G base station will at least be 1.5 times that of a 4G
base station," said Wang Zhiqin, vice-president of the China Academy of
Information and Communications Technology, a government think tank.

As 5G radio waves travel at much higher frequencies, and so have less range, the
density of 5G base stations will have to be far higher than 4G, just to cover
the same area, meaning that total spending on 5G will be far higher than that of
4G, Wang added.

Fu Liang, an independent telecom analyst, said the coming of interim 5G licenses
rather than official licenses this year also reflects how telecom carriers are
under grave financial pressure, and want to make the best use of their existing
4G networks to recoup investments, before starting gigantic construction work on
5G.

Earlier this month, China Unicom said it had issued bonds to raise up to 50
billion yuan from investors. Though the company did not specify the use of the
raised capital, analysts believe the move is aimed at financing 5G construction.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

A doctor performs remote surgery on a pig with the help of China Unicom's 5G
network in Fuzhou, Fujian province. Provided to China Daily

(China Daily 01/25/2019 page16)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/79/154837735132.jpg

a41f726b05111db496c430.jpg


                             413 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 25, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Huawei to unveil 5G foldable smartphone

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Huawei Technologies Co Ltd will unveil its first commercial 5G foldable
smartphone in February, as the Chinese technology giant seeks to overtake
Samsung Electronics Co Ltd to be the world's largest smartphone vendor.

Move represents latest push in fueling consumers' interest to upgrade devices

Huawei Technologies Co Ltd will unveil its first commercial 5G foldable
smartphone in February, as the Chinese technology giant seeks to overtake
Samsung Electronics Co Ltd to be the world's largest smartphone vendor.

Yu Chengdong, CEO of Huawei's consumer business group, said the foldable handset
will be equipped with its 5G modem Balong 5000, which the company described as
the most powerful 5G modem in the world.

Yu said Balong 5000 is the world's first 5G modem that fully supports both
non-standalone and standalone 5G network architecture, which can greatly widen
its use scenarios.

Analysts said the modem is designed to compete with the US chip giant Qualcomm
Inc's X50 modem in performance. Huawei underlined that it will not sell Balong
5000 as a standalone product, but just use it in its own smartphones.

The 5G foldable smartphone, to be unveiled at the Mobile World Congress 2019 in
Barcelona, Spain, is Huawei's latest push to fuel consumers' interest to upgrade
their devices after the global smartphone market hits a saturation point.

The move also came after Huawei's consumer business posted a record $52 billion
in sales in 2018, driven by the strong demand for its premium smartphones. The
company shipped more than 200 million units of smartphones worldwide last year
and surpassed Apple Inc as the world's second largest smartphone vendor.

On Thursday, Huawei, the world's largest telecom equipment maker, also unveiled
its first chipset for 5G base stations. The chip, named as Tiangang, can support
a bandwidth of 200 megabytes and reduce the weight of a 5G base station by half.

Ding Yun, president of Huawei's telecom carrier business group, said the company
has shipped over 25,000 5G base stations globally, up from the figure of 10,000
it disclosed in late December.

"We have so far acquired 30 5G contracts, with 18 from Europe, nine from the
Middle East and three from the Asia-Pacific region," Ding said.

Wang Yanhui, secretary-general of the Mobile China Alliance, an industry
association, said despite the difficulties Huawei is facing in overseas markets,
including cyber security allegations, the company is steadily gaining clients,
with more 5G base stations shipped.

"The trust between Huawei and some telecom carriers can help the former better
navigate the choppy waters. It also reflects Huawei's technological
superiority," Wang said.

The company's 5G foldable smartphone plan came after its rival Xiaomi Corp
unveiled an engineering gadget on Wednesday, which can be bent and rolled to
function both as a smartphone and a tablet.

"This year will see the first batch of 5G smartphones and foldable handsets
respectively. Those which can bring the two together will turn out to be highly
competitive in the market," said Fu Liang, an independent telecom analyst.

China Mobile, the country's largest telecom carrier, said in December that the
first batch of 5G smartphones will be priced at above 8,000 yuan ($1,166), and
more than 30 commercial 5G devices are likely to hit the market in 2019.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/25/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/83/154837735671.jpg

a41f726b05111db495a81e.jpg


                             414 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 24, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Competition can lead to fairer world order

BYLINE: Li Junyang

BODY:

The world saw a new wave of change and development among the three major
countries, China, the United States and Russia. To begin with, there is a new
momentum in China-US strategic competition, meaning a new dimension has been
added to the most important bilateral relationship of the 21st century.

On the other hand, China and Russia have strengthened their already steady
relations based on friendship and close strategic cooperation.

US - Russia relations face many problems

By contrast, the US-Russia relationship faces troubles on various fronts. And
due to the US internal political factors and the two countries' inherent
strategic contradictions, bilateral ties are now full of instability and
uncertainty, posing a potential risk for the world at large.

Since the relationships among the world's three major countries have
far-reaching consequences for the world, major re-adjustments to the global
structure may be on the cards.

Early last year, the US government started imposing additional tariffs on steel
and aluminum products imported from China (and some other countries), putting
Sino-US ties under strain and escalating trade conflicts. And that the Donald
Trump administration's first National Security Strategy report, issued in
December 2017, describes China as the major strategic rival (along with Russia)
makes it clear the two countries will encounter more problems in various
critical fields.

The series of documents on national security strategy and national defense that
the Trump administration has issued since 2017 indicates it has basically
devised its global strategy keeping in mind China and Russia are its main
security concerns and strategic competitors.

As China and the US have contradictory outlooks on various competitive areas,
their priority is to resolve the trade conflicts, which have also become the
greatest variables. In August 2017, the Office of the US Trade Representative
initiated an investigation into Chinese imports according to Section 301 of the
US Trade Act of 1974. And in March 2018, the Trump administration announced it
would raise tariffs on $50 billion of Chinese goods.

Since then, it has been threatening to continue raising tariffs on more Chinese
goods. The Trump administration also launched a series of policies to support US
telecommunication equipment companies, and weaken Chinese companies such as ZTE
and Huawei. Slowly, the Sino-US trade frictions are becoming the most
controversial issue in bilateral competition.

Confrontation in various fields of competition

Apart from the trade frictions, China and the US are involved in confrontational
competition in other fields, too. The Taiwan question is still a sensitive issue
for Sino-US ties, especially because in August last year US President Donald
Trump signed the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, which
attempts to enhance military ties between Washington and Taiwan.

Also, after the Dominican Republic, EL Salvador and Panama severed "diplomatic
relations" with Taiwan last year, the US, to demonstrate its objection to their
moves, withdrew its ambassadors from the three countries. But it seems the US
administration has restrained itself, as it has not made further troubles for
those three countries.

In the South China Sea, however, the US continues to strengthen its military
presence, threatening China's national interests and maritime rights, in an
attempt to strengthen ties with its Asian allies.

Still, it appears Sino-US competition is characterized by their respective
economic interests, and may not lead to an all-round military and political
confrontation.

As far as China-Russia relations are concerned, both sides share positive
development momentum and have further strengthened mutual trust, setting a new
example for international relations. The two sides have also continued to deepen
strategic and security cooperation, maintaining steady growth in bilateral trade
and deepening innovative cooperation.

First, strategic and security cooperation is significant to the Sino-Russian
comprehensive strategic partnership. Last year, the two sides reached a
consensus on many important issues including the denuclearization of the Korean
Peninsula, the Middle East situation and the Iran nuclear issue at the 14th
round of China-Russia strategic security consultation. Beijing and Moscow have
also enhanced military exchanges.

Closer China-Russia ties can yield more benefits

Second, local-level cooperation between China and Russia has deepened, with both
sides capitalizing on the opportunities as well as complementing each other's
advantages to improve their local development strategy. For example, at the
fourth Eastern Economic Forum in Russia, the two sides signed a cooperation
document to improve connectivity.

Third, Sino-Russian trade potential is being tapped. Since last year, bilateral
trade has shown huge complementary potential. Russia faces many economic
difficulties mainly because of the Western sanctions. But by making the
agricultural sector a new driver of economic growth, it has offset some of the
effects of the Western sanctions.

Fourth, the two countries have also made tremendous efforts to upgrade
innovative cooperation including in energy, infrastructure, manufacturing,
agriculture, information technology and education while formulating relevant
laws and regulations.

Thus, Sino-Russian ties can be described as a mature and stable comprehensive
strategic partnership, not least because both sides have similar views on the
international situation and share common interests. Aside from being committed
to developing their economies, they are also seeking to make the global
political and economic order more equitable and rational.

As for US-Russia relations, they are still to show any signs of improvement.
Although, the two countries are looking for collaboration opportunities,
US-Russia ties remain unstable owing to their structural contradictions and
strategic conflicts.

US-Russia ties underwent new changes last year. Even though Trump made an effort
to put bilateral ties back on track, it could not ease tensions thanks to the
two sides' hostile attitudes toward each other in Syria and on the Iran nuclear
issue.

The US-Russia unpredictable relationship could develop into risks for the world
because, after the midterm US elections, the Democrats have been exerting more
pressure on Trump to tackle Moscow more effectively. The resultant spillover
effect would have a big impact on global oil prices, monetary exchange rates and
emerging economies.

Both challenges and opportunities for China

However, the seemingly volatile US-Russia ties mean not only challenges but also
opportunities for China. As the US imposes more sanctions on Russia, it will
prompt China and Russia to strengthen their economic and strategic cooperation.
In addition, China's Belt and Road Initiative could be synergized with Russia's
"Greater Eurasia plan" to create new development opportunities.

In other words, the new momentum of the relations among China, the US and Russia
constitute the main plank of major country relationship. And the changes in
these relations should be assessed based on the vicissitudes of the
international power system, as the competition to develop a fairer and more
suitable global governance model could lead to a change in the world order.

The author is a research associate at the Institute of World Economics and
Politics, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences.

(China Daily 01/24/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/90/154829095348.jpg

a41f726b05111db3439a21.jpg


                             415 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 24, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Open letter adds insult to injury in extradition case

BYLINE: Hua Chunying

BODY:

Editor's note: The United States has required Canada to extradite Meng Wanzhou.
Huawei's chief financial officer was detained at the request of the US when she
transited in Vancouver airport on Dec 1. Hua Chunying, spokeswoman for the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs responded to some questions related to the incident
as well as China's detaining of two Canadian citizens Michael Spavor and Michael
Kovrig during a news conference in Beijing on Tuesday. The following are
excerpts of her responses:

Any person with normal judgment can see that Canada has made a serious mistake
on the issue. The Meng Wanzhou incident is obviously not an ordinary judicial
case. Canada and the United States are abusing their bilateral extradition
treaty, and severely infringing upon a Chinese citizen's legal rights and
interests. We urge Canada to release Meng, and take concrete measures to protect
her legitimate rights and interests.

China welcomes foreign visitors - be they scholars, former diplomats or ordinary
citizens - to engage in normal friendly exchange activities in China. As long as
they abide by Chinese laws and rules, they need not worry. The number of foreign
visitors to China every year far outweighs the number who have signed the open
letter appealing for the release of the two Canadian nationals subject to
compulsory measures for activities endangering China's national security. These
former diplomats and scholars of Canada and some of its allies do not represent
all the foreign diplomats, scholars and others involved in normal friendly
exchange activities with China.

If every Chinese citizen sent an open letter to Canadian leaders, their voice
would be more resounding, and would certainly join with the mainstream voice of
the international community, which is on the side of justice.

China is the safest country in the world. The safety and freedom of foreign
visitors is ensured as long as they abide by Chinese laws and rules. The handful
of people behind the open letter are intentionally creating an air of panic.

The US and its allies fanfare a fear that China's telecommunication equipment is
used to eavesdrop and monitor without providing any evidence. This is an absurd
and unfounded point of view.

Every person must take responsibility for his or her behavior, so must a
country. Canada and the US should realize the seriousness of their behavior, and
take actions to correct their mistakes. China will respond accordingly.

(China Daily 01/24/2019 page8)


                             416 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 24, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Extradition 'politically motivated'

BYLINE: Cao Desheng in Beijing and Rena Li in Toronto

BODY:

Beijing reiterated its opposition on Wednesday to Washington's plans to seek a
Huawei executive's extradition from Canada, saying the move would be
"politically motivated" and "an act of bullying" of a Chinese high-tech company.

Beijing calls move against Huawei CFO 'bullying' of Chinese tech company

Beijing reiterated its opposition on Wednesday to Washington's plans to seek a
Huawei executive's extradition from Canada, saying the move would be
"politically motivated" and "an act of bullying" of a Chinese high-tech company.

The rogue actions taken by the United States toward Huawei Chief Financial
Officer Meng Wanzhou are neither in conformity with international laws, nor do
they have any legitimacy, Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said at a
regular news conference on Wednesday.

Hua's remarks came in response to a US Department of Justice statement on
Tuesday that it would pursue Meng's extradition.

Meng was detained in Vancouver on Dec 1 on a US arrest warrant citing bank fraud
allegations related to sanctions on Iran. She was later released on bail and
remains in the Canadian city.

US sanctions on Iran are not within the framework of the United Nations Security
Council, so the unilateral sanctions do not conform to international laws and
have been opposed by the international community, including allies of the US,
Hua said, adding the Canadian government also opposes the US sanctions on Iran.

The real purpose of the US is that it is trying to bully Chinese high-tech
companies, Hua said.

The US must file a formal request for extradition by Jan 30. Once it is
received, a Canadian court has 30 days to determine if there is enough
supporting evidence and the Canadian justice minister must issue a formal order,
Reuters reported.

If the extradition is granted, it will set back the Canada-China relationship
for decades, said Thomas Qu, executive president of the Ontario-based Canada
China Guanxi Council.

However, Wang Haicheng, chairman of the Federation of Canadian Chinese Chamber
of Commerce, said that the Chinese business community in Canada does not expect
relations between the two countries to be impaired due to inappropriate handling
of the incident.

On Wednesday, the Chinese embassy in Canada denied media reports of the
cancellation of a planned trip to China by Quebec City Mayor Regis Labeaume in
March.

Contact the writers at caodesheng@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/24/2019 page3)


                             417 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 24, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Xiaomi pins hopes on foldable phones to boost sales

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Xiaomi Corp confirmed on Wednesday that it is working on a foldable phone,
making it the latest Chinese smartphone vendor to pin its hopes on foldable
screens to revive a market mired in an innovation lull and a sales slump.

Lin Bin, president and co-founder of Xiaomi, posted a video on Chinese social
networking platform Sina Weibo, showing him playing with a tablet-sized gadget
which can be folded and used like a smartphone.

In the video, when the gadget was folded, the user interface also adjusted
itself to match the middle part of the screen. "Xiaomi's dual-folding phone is
coming," Lin said.

"After tackling a string of technical challenges including a flexible folding
display, four-way folding hinge and flexible cover tech, we have made the first
foldable phone, and that may also be the world's first dual-folding phone," he
added.

The senior executive said that the gadget was just an engineering model, and did
not disclose when it would be officially launched.

Xiaomi's move came after several foldable smartphones have been released. Royole
Corp, a Chinese manufacturer of flexible displays and smart devices, unveiled a
large-screen foldable device in November, which can be bent and rolled to
function both as a smartphone and a tablet.

In the same month, Samsung Electronics Co Ltd also revealed its much-anticipated
foldable phone, but the world's largest smartphone vendor won't ship it until
the first half of 2019.

Koh Dong-jin, president of IT and Mobile Communications at Samsung Electronics,
said the first batch to be delivered will have at least 1 million units.

Xiang Ligang, a telecom expert and CEO of industry website Cctime, said 2019
will be the first year of commercial foldable smartphones. The entire industry
is looking forward to something exciting enough to fuel consumers' interests to
upgrade their smartphones.

In the third quarter of 2018, worldwide smartphone shipments fell by 3 percent
year-on-year to 386.9 million units, data from Counterpoint Technology Market
Research showed. That is the sixth straight quarter of decline due to market
saturation.

Chinese smartphone vendors Huawei Technologies Co Ltd and Oppo Electronics Corp
will also reveal their foldable phones in the first half of this year.

"But it still needs to be seen whether foldable screens will grow into a
mainstream trend. They are appealing to gaming and video enthusiasts, but it is
not yet certain that consumers are willing to pay more to access the new
feature," Xiang said.

"Also technological challenges still exist to improve the user experience of
foldable smartphones," he added.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/24/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/16/154829097347.jpg

a41f726719b21db33c280b.jpg


                             418 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 23, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Huawei ups global push with first Oman store

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Chinese technology giant Huawei Technologies Co Ltd has opened its first
independent store in Oman, a Middle Eastern country, part of its latest push to
become the world's biggest smartphone maker.

The opening of the store at the City Center Al Qurum in the capital Muscat will
strengthen Huawei's established position as a leader in innovative technology
and products in Oman, said the firm in a statement.

The store will also provide a comprehensive experience to improve customer
interaction and allow access to the latest Huawei products and services, it
added.

"Huawei is set to open eight new stores dedicated to its brand in the leading
electronics stores and 20 stores, including independent electronics stores, in
Oman," said Ian Lee, general manager of Huawei Consumer Business Group in the
Middle East.

Huawei has been selling its products in Oman for more than 10 years.

In 2018, the Shenzhen-based company shipped more than 200 million handsets
globally, ousting Apple Inc to become the world's second-largest smartphone
vendor.

Tarun Pathak, associate director at market research company Counterpoint
Technology Market Research, said in a note that Huawei achieved such robust
growth by launching smartphones in the premium segment and capturing the
mid-tier segment with its fastgrowing Honor brand.

"Huawei, with its Honor brand, is offering a broad and recently refreshed
portfolio at affordable prices that is driving growth in the overseas market.
Honor, which is already strong in the e-commerce segment, is now adopting a
multichannel strategy through branded stores in the Southeastern Asian market.
We expect store counts to increase in the future," Pathak said.

Huawei had 45,000 stores worldwide by the end of 2017, according to its latest
annual report.

Yu Chengdong, CEO of Huawei's consumer business group, said in an open letter
that the company has generated more than $50 billion in sales from smartphones,
notebooks and other consumer electronic devices in 2018 - a nearly 50 percent
year-on-year rise.

The company predicted it will ship 230 million to 250 million smartphones in
2019.

Xiang Ligang, a telecom expert and CEO of industry website Cctime, said though
Huawei's telecom equipment business is facing temporary troubles in overseas
markets, its smartphone business is maintaining good momentum.

"This year will be very challenging, as the global smartphone market is hitting
saturation point. But Huawei's robust trend is highly likely to continue, if it
can better erode rivals' market share in the premium segment," Xiang said.

In November, Yu of Huawei told CNBC the firm is aiming to become the world's
biggest smartphone maker.

"Next year, we will be very close to number one, maybe we will be on par with
Samsung. And at least the year after, maybe we have a chance (to be number one),
in the year 2020," he said.

Xinhua contributed to the story.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

A Huawei employee addresses queries from a visitor during a high-tech exhibition
in Beijing. Provided to China Daily

(China Daily 01/23/2019 page16)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/21/154820455478.jpg

a41f726b05111db1f3a815.jpg


                             419 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 23, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Today's high-tech means there can be no going alone

BODY:

Editor's note: Huawei CEO Ren Zhengfei held an interview with foreign media in
Huawei headquarters in Shenzhen, Guangdong province, on Jan 15. The following
are excerpts of Ren's responses to questions on the company's development, trade
frictions with the United States and his daughter, and Huawei Chief Financial
Officer, Meng Wanzhou's detention by Canada.

Over the past 30 years, Huawei has served more than 3 billion people in over 170
countries and regions, and has kept a good security record. Huawei firmly stands
on the side of its customers when it comes to the protection of privacy and
network security issues.

The company invests $15 billion to $20 billion in research and development every
year. Our mission is simple: We struggle for the objective of leading people to
an information society.

Apple has been a good example to us. We would rather close down the company than
be driven by profits to harm customers' rights and interests.

There are some countries deciding not to buy our products. But we will
concentrate our attention and do our business well in the countries that are
willing to buy our products, providing quality products to prove that we are
trustworthy.

The co-existence of the narrow gauge, standard gauge and wide gauge has caused
problems for world transportation industry. Likewise, there were multiple
standards for the 3G and 4G eras. The aim now is to introduce a unified standard
for 5G to lay a foundation of a smart human society.

I want to convey a message to the US through the media that as the technology
becomes more and more advanced, it cannot be done by one single country, or
company. Win-win cooperation among countries and companies should be the way
out.

As for Meng Wanzhou's case, I believe in the openness, fairness and justice of
the Canadian and US legal systems, which can give a fair conclusion at last.

(China Daily 01/23/2019 page8)


                             420 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 23, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Shame on Canada for being US yes-man

BODY:

It was reported on Tuesday that the United States will proceed with the formal
extradition from Canada of Meng Wanzhou, Huawei's chief financial officer.

Canada did what the US asked of it in detaining Meng without considering whether
it was proper or not to do, so it is anticipated that it will carry on doing the
US' bidding, even though its use of longarm jurisdiction in this way is highly
problematic.

If Canada does continue to do what is required of it by the US, it will
certainly see its relations with China, including its trade relations, further
deteriorate, since it has the choice not to carry out the extradition of Meng on
what are trumped-up charges.

Canada has exacerbated the problem it has created for itself by seeking to
establish a connection between China's arrest of two Canadians with its own
holding of Meng, despite none existing. China has explained that what the two
Canadians were doing posed a threat to its national security.

It is even more ridiculous for Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to claim
that China arbitrarily handed out the death penalty to a Canadian citizen after
a local Chinese court sentenced Robert Lloyd Schellenberg to death for drug
trafficking. Schellenberg was caught trying to smuggle more than 200 kilograms
of methamphetamine to Australia, a crime that carries the death penalty
according to China's Criminal Law. As does operating an international
drug-trafficking operation, a separate charge that Schellenberg was also found
guilty of.

Huawei, because of its success as one of the world's largest smartphone makers
and telecommunications equipment providers, has become a convenient lightning
rod for US anxiety about China's growing technological might. It has spared no
efforts in demonizing the Chinese company and even persuaded other countries,
its allies in particular, not to use Huawei's products.

The risk of Huawei's products being used for spying is simply a pretext; the US
has never found any evidence to support this allegation. However, it has found
allies such as Canada that are willing to go along with its pressure tactics
against the Chinese company, for reasons of their own.

By detaining Meng at the request of the US, Canada is acting as an accomplice in
the US attempt to squeeze the space for China's technological advancement by
containing the development of its telecoms pacemaker and even killing the
company.

Canada should be ashamed of what it has done with Meng, and realize that it will
be the biggest loser if it continues to be the US yes-man.

(China Daily 01/23/2019 page8)


                             421 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 23, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: US, Canada 'abusing' pact on extradition

BYLINE: Zhou Jin

BODY:

China said on Tuesday that Canada and the United States have abused their
bilateral extradition treaty with regard to the arrest of Huawei's Chief
Financial Officer Meng Wanzhou, urging the US not to issue a formal extradition
request to Canada.

Beijing pledges response if Washington asks Ottawa to turn over Huawei CFO

China said on Tuesday that Canada and the United States have abused their
bilateral extradition treaty with regard to the arrest of Huawei's Chief
Financial Officer Meng Wanzhou, urging the US not to issue a formal extradition
request to Canada.

Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said that China will take further
responses if Washington proceeds with the formal request to extradite Meng.

David MacNaughton, Canada's ambassador to the US, said in an interview with
Canada's Globe and Mail newspaper that Washington has informed Ottawa it will
request Meng's extradition, but he did not say when the request will be made.
The deadline for filing is Jan 30.

Meng was arrested in Vancouver at the request of the US on Dec 1 over alleged
violations of US sanctions on Iran. A week later, Vice-Foreign Minister Le
Yucheng summoned the Canadian and US ambassadors in Beijing, expressing strong
protests over Meng's arrest.

At the daily news conference on Tuesday, Hua said that Canada and the US
"arbitrarily abused" their bilateral extradition agreement in the case of Meng,
and seriously infringed on the safety and legal rights of Chinese citizens.

China urged Canada to immediately release Meng and protect her legitimate
rights, she said, adding that China also demands the US to correct its mistake,
cancel its arrest warrant for Meng and not to make the formal extradition
request.

In response to the media report, telecommunication giant Huawei said in a
statement that it hopes the Canadian and US governments will release Meng soon,
and the company believes the legal systems of the two countries will ultimately
reach a just conclusion.

Huawei complies with all applicable laws and regulations where it operates,
including applicable export controls and sanction laws and regulations of the
United Nations, the US and the European Union, it said.

Li Haidong, a professor of US studies at China Foreign Affairs University, said
Meng's case is a political stunt operating under the guise of the law.

The US and Canada are treating an innocent person in a politicized way, which
violates the spirit of the rule of law and will harm relations with China, he
said.

Also, Hua, the spokeswoman, responded to a group of former foreign diplomats and
academics who signed an open letter calling for the release of two Canadians.

Hua said those who signed the letter were "extremely disrespectful" to people
engaged in normal and friendly exchanges and cooperation between China and
foreign countries, and also interfered with China's sovereignty and judicial
affairs.

The two, Michael Spavor and Michael Kovrig, were detained in China in December
for allegedly endangering national security.

Hua stressed that China welcomes foreign nationals, whether they are former
diplomats, scholars or ordinary people, to come to China and engage in normal
and friendly exchanges. There is nothing to worry about as long as they abide by
Chinese laws and regulations, she added.

Ma Si contributed to this story.

zhoujin@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/23/2019 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/85/154820456594.jpg

a41f726719b21db1ea4103.jpg


                             422 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 22, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Innovation on the rise, as companies ramp up their spending on R&D

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Chinese enterprises are emerging as first-tier international players, with huge
strides in research and development, but more efforts are needed if they are to
continuously grow their technological prowess, said experts.

Investment in the sector maintains momentum and deemed as key to development

Editor's Note: Last year marked the fifth anniversary of the Third Plenary
Session of the 18th CPC Central Committee. With the nation determined to deepen
reform, expand opening-up and invest in innovation, China Daily reporters look
at different fields to check how the transformative policies are helping to
invigorate the national economy.

Chinese enterprises are emerging as first-tier international players, with huge
strides in research and development, but more efforts are needed if they are to
continuously grow their technological prowess, said experts.

A staff member of an enterprise debugs high-tech helmets for firefighting and
rescue in Xingtai, Hebei province. Chen Lei / Xinhua

Qu Xianming, an expert with the National Manufacturing Strategy Advisory
Committee, said domestic companies are making steady progress in R&D, and a
string of internationally competitive players are emerging in the fields of
internet, artificial intelligence, manufacturing and other sectors.

"China's push to cultivate innovation-driven growth will inject new life into
the country's real economy and fuel the integration of cutting-edge technologies
with manufacturing," Qu said.

A recent report by Strategy&, a global strategy consulting firm, said that R&D
spending by Chinese companies increased 34.4 percent year-on-year in 2018 to
total $60.08 billion, the highest growth in the world. The report is based on an
annual analysis of the 1,000 biggest global public companies by R&D spending.

Patrick Hui, PwC Chinese mainland and Hong Kong consulting partner, noted in the
report that 20 more Chinese companies made it into the Global Innovation 1,000
list compared with 2017.

"As China forges ahead with its innovation-driven growth strategy, innovation
will become the top driving force for development," Hui added. "And R&D spending
has increased in all industries in China, especially in the software and
internet, as well as industrial sectors."

The country has been on a path of evolving from an "innovation sponge", where it
absorbs and adapts existing technology and knowledge from around the world, into
a global leader in innovation. Already, China has seen a number of homegrown
cutting-edge products and services, including high-speed railways, indigenous
social networking platform WeChat and independent space exploration.

According to the 2017 report of the World Intellectual Property Organization,
China was the only middle-income country to make the list of the world's top 25
most innovative economies.

The achievement was lauded by Wan Gang, vice-chairman of the National Committee
of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, who said earlier
that, "On the whole, we have met the goal of 'occupying a place' in the major
fields of science and technology, which lays a sound foundation for China to be
an innovation powerhouse."

Such progress has also been reflected in the number of patents that Chinese
companies hold. According to a recent report from leading global patent database
IFI Claims Patent Services, China was the only country to buck an international
trend, and secure more patents from the United States in 2018.

"Chinese companies, led by Huawei and BOE Technology, gained ground. In fact,
China was the only country in the top 10 to actually show an increase in US
patent activity; all other countries, including the US, saw declines," said
Larry Cady, a senior analyst at IFI Claims Patent Services, in an article posted
on the technology blog Venture-Beat.

Despite the progress, more efforts are needed to pursue breakthroughs in a
number of areas, including general processors, fundamental consumer and
enterprise software as well as other crucial technologies, said Xie Shaofeng,
director of the informatization and software service division at the Ministry of
Industry and Information Technology.

The view is echoed by Ren Zhengfei, CEO and founder of Huawei Technologies Co
Ltd, the world's largest telecom equipment maker and second-biggest smartphone
vendor.

Ren once said in an internal letter that without heavy input into basic science,
there can be no knowledge about the future, and the company will step up efforts
to deepen cooperation between its in-house R&D staff and global scientists.

In the 10 years to 2017, Huawei had collectively invested 394 billion yuan ($58
billion) into R&D.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/22/2019 page16)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/36/154811821561.jpg

a41f726719b21db0a2d313.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/49/154811821586.jpg

a41f726719b21db0a2e114.jpg


                             423 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 22, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Now clear US, allies adopting wolf pack tactics against China

BYLINE: Shen Yi

BODY:

Editor's note: The trade talks with the United States represent a potential
turning point in the trade frictions the United States unilaterally started last
year. Shen Yi, a researcher in politics at the Shanghai-based Fudan University,
comments in a post for Guancha.cn:

The negotiations mean that the two sides have an opportunity to cool down their
exchange of fire, and deal with concrete matters with hope of reaching an
executable agreement. But strategically, the game, if not competition, between
the world's two largest economies will not end because of any agreement that the
talks can yield, instead it will become more complicated and delicate.

It is noteworthy the trade talks are going on together with the attacks on
Huawei by the US and its allies. The parties behind the attack have even used a
political kidnap to force the company, and China, into submission.

The wolf pack tactics adopted by the US and its allies in their attacks on
Huawei is no doubt how the US envisions the development of its strategy against
China. When the snows fall and the white winds blow, the lone wolf dies, but the
pack survives.

Yet the real challenge to China is from home, where some could not wait to
engage in self-criticism and reflection when the US started the trade dispute.

And when the US encountered setbacks because of China's counterattacks, some
people queued up to support the US' institutional advancement, if not
superiority.

When the US comes to negotiation tables, these people urge Beijing to accept all
US requirements without question and put an end to the trade frictions as soon
as possible.

When the US resorted to political kidnapping, asking Canada to detain Huawei CFO
Meng Wanzhou when she was in transit in the airport in Vancouver, these people
immediately started looking at Huawei's record in a bid to justify the dirty
trick by the US and Canada.

To some extent, China is fighting wars on two fronts at home and abroad, but
that is something it cannot steer clear of in its rise.

(China Daily 01/22/2019 page8)


                             424 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 21, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Chinese innovations explore global prospects

BYLINE: Zhong Nan

BODY:

About 1,200 Chinese technology companies, including Suning Holdings Group and
Huawei Technologies Co, as well as startups, used the annual Consumer
Electronics Show or CES in Las Vegas to showcase their innovations in fields
like artificial intelligence or AI and robotics.

At the Jan 8-11 event, the number of participating Chinese companies declined
from last year's record 1,500 or more. Business leaders attributed the drop to
the US-China trade row, which they said has cast a shadow on the tech sector in
the United States.

Gary Shapiro, president of the US Consumer Technology Association, which
organizes the CES, said that tariffs on Chinese products are actually costing
the US tech industry and consumers about $1 billion a month.

Shapiro said he was concerned about US export control proposal on emerging
technologies such as AI. He listed AI, 5G, self-driving technology and digital
health as trends that dominated the CES 2019.

But export controls will restrict the advancement of AI, especially in the US,
said Shapiro. Chinese-made products can still be found easily in almost every
category like high-definition TV, robotics and smart retailing, occupying about
14 percent of the net exhibiting space.

Many Chinese tech companies, especially the most innovative ones, are still
looking at the long-term prospects in the US market.

Suning, China's largest omnichannel retailer by sales revenue, unveiled its new
"retail as a service" or "RaaS", based on its smart retail strategy, at the CES
2019.

Regarded as the "brain" of smart retail, the strategy is in essence an
open-platform model through which partners can access Suning's portfolio of
long-term accumulated technology capabilities and omnichannel operations
experience, including the latest software, platform, infrastructure and know-how
as a service.

Jack Jing, COO of Suning Technology Group, a Suning subsidiary, said as the
largest omni-channel retailer in China, "we know that smart retail is the key to
attracting and satisfying consumers" in the digitalized era.

"We want to work with more global partners in the industry to open up access to
data, tech and tools, which can help them better understand their users and
achieve business goals. That's what the 'retail as a service' strategy is all
about," he said.

Suning's RaaS strategy offers retail-related people such as manufacturers, small
and medium-sized retailers and even tech developers or service providers an
integrated solution to enhance both operational efficiencies and customer
experience.

To deepen the development of the strategy and extend its applications, Suning
has partnered with Gaia-Works, Ecovacs Robotics, and Sense-Time, the world's
most valuable AI unicorn and the largest pure-play AI company.

At the CES, China's largest voice recognition company iFlytek showcased its
fully upgraded smart translator.

Charlene Li, general manager of iFlytek North America, said expansion in the US
market may be an uphill task in the short term, but "if we wouldn't plan ahead
and do spade work, we had to do it several years later, which is too late".

Alpha Mini robot developed by UbiTech, and Mabot developed by Shenzhen Bell,
both Chinese startups, were among those shortlisted for the CES annual
Innovation Awards.

Shapiro said every year Chinese companies participate in the CES to meet sellers
and buyers, build their brands, and explore partnerships.

Huawei launched two new products at the CES: a high-end laptop and a smart
watch. Both will be put on shop shelves in the US this month.

"If you are trading with the countries, then you are more likely to have a good
relationship with them," said Shapiro, calling for a more "normalized" trade
relationship between the two countries.

The CES, the world's largest trade show to present new products and technologies
in the consumer electronics industry, is estimated to have attracted about 4,500
exhibitors and 180,000 attendees this year.

Xinhua contributed to this story.

(China Daily 01/21/2019 page14)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/17/154803171339.jpg

a41f726719b21daf54e322.jpg


                             425 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 21, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: The rule of law should be respected

BYLINE: Liu Jianna

BODY:

Editor's note: Robert Lloyd Schellenberg, a Canadian citizen, was sentenced to
death on Jan 14 for smuggling drugs. The verdict delivered by the Dalian
Intermediate People's Court in a retrial has prompted the Canadian government to
seek leniency for the convict. Is the sentencing fair? And will the case further
strain China-Canada relations? Four experts share their views on the issue with
China Daily's Liu Jianna. Excerpts follow:

Court judgment beyond reproach

Wang Sixin, a professor of law at the Faculty of Literature and Law,
Communication University of China

In these sensitive times, it is natural for some foreigners to make some wild
guesses and connect the case with the recent Sino-Canadian row. Yet from the
legal point of view, the trial is indisputable and the court's judgment in
complete conformity with all legal norms.

Perhaps out of a lack of knowledge of China's jurisprudence, some people
overseas have raised doubts on the non-use of the principle of no additional
punishment in appeal and the seemingly speedy trial.

However, the principle of no additional punishment in appeal is used strictly
under prescribed conditions. Once new evidence or facts emerge, as the
Schellenberg case reveals, accordingly, the court could and should readjust the
sentencing in line with law. The court handed down the death penalty because new
testimony showed Schellenberg to be the principal criminal in the case.

Besides, in the spirit of law, a verdict should be pronounced in court and
deferred only if the case is too complicated and more time is needed to prepare
the judgment document. Therefore, there is no basis to assume the trial was
wrapped up hastily and without following legal procedures.

Now that Schellenberg has decided to appeal, the possibility of a change in the
verdict cannot be ruled out. Nonetheless, the defendant deserves the death
penalty because he tried to smuggle 222.035 kilograms of methamphetamine, an
unimaginably huge amount that has shocked people both at home and abroad.

Irrespective of all the conjectures relating to politics and international
relations, both the judgment and the legal procedure are strictly in conformity
with law. So China's judicial authority should be given its due respect.

That some Western media outlets and commentators have raised questions over
China's fair use of law and ignored Canada's abuse of legal procedures in
arresting Meng Wanzhou, Huawei's chief financial officer, at the request of the
United States is regrettable.

Understanding of law needs to be improved

Zhao Jun, a professor of law at Beijing Normal University

There are some points in the case that are open to debate. For example, why did
the authority take so long to affirm the defendant is the principal criminal?
Was the legal work over the past four years problematic in some way?

More specifics would help quell such doubts even though the court ruling and
legal procedure in the case is in line with law.

But what's most important is that the case should be discussed in legal terms.
Unfortunately, skeptics in Western media, even some populists at home have
raised doubts over the case in the context of international relations. Such
guesswork has shifted public attention away from where it should be, that is,
the rule of law.

Certain foreign media outlets claim the verdict in the case is China's way of
taking revenge against Canada for arresting Meng Wanzhou while some Chinese
netizens have applauded the case to vent their fury against Canada's wrongful
treatment of Meng.

These two groups have made the same mistake of putting an irrelevant issue, be
it conspiracy or nationalism, above the law, revealing their serious lack of
understanding of the rule of law.

Case shows different views on the question of drugs

Mei Xinyu, a researcher at the International Trade and Economic Cooperation
Institute of the Ministry of Commerce

The disputes over the case reflect the difference in the two countries' approach
to drugs. The use of narcotics is strictly forbidden in China, while the
recreational use of marijuana is now legal in Canada. As such, clemency for a
drug dealer, as sought for Schellenberg by Canada's Foreign Affairs Minister
Chrystia Freeland, may make sense in Canada, but not in China. Foreigners should
obey China's laws the moment they set foot on Chinese soil.

It should be made clear that the handling of the Schellenberg case has nothing
to do with international relations. China will never tolerate such a serious
breach of law even by a national of a country with which it has very strong
ties.

Western countries may put criminals' human rights above the common good. But
China will not refrain from punishing criminals according to law to safeguard
public safety and interests. If there is anything wrong with the verdict, it is
that the Dalian court should have sentenced Schellenberg to death in the first
trial itself.

Overall bilateral ties must not be sacrificed

Zhu Feng, director of the Institute of International Studies at Nanjing
University

China and Canada should come out of the shadows of the Meng Wanzhou and
Schellenberg cases, and choose what's best for the two countries and the two
peoples. As simple as it may seem, it is unnecessary to give away the two
countries' common interests due to controversies over individual cases.

Moreover, it is important that countries including Canada act cautiously so as
to avoid becoming a victim of Sino-US trade frictions, especially because China
and the US are still engaged in negotiations and seeking cooperation. Although
the US has forced countries including Canada and Poland to take sides and
pressure China, they have not engaged in an all-out confrontation.

There is still room for easing tensions in Sino-US relations despite the
qualitative change in the US' China policies. The superpower's allies should
think twice before succumbing to its intimidation and enticement tactics.

(China Daily 01/21/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/37/154803171950.jpg

00221917e13e1daf510a21.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/63/154803171979.jpg

00221917e13e1daf512122.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/57/154803172034.jpg

00221917e13e1daf512c23.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/36/154803172082.jpg

00221917e13e1daf513924.jpg


                             426 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 21, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Innovation and education keys to the future

BODY:

Editor's note: In a rare interview last week, Ren Zhengfei, founder and chief
executive officer of Huawei, stressed the urgency of improving education quality
in the countryside and importance of fundamental research to innovation. 21st
Century Business Herald comments:

Speaking with the media in Shenzhen, Guangdong province, Ren touched on two
pressing challenges facing China: the comparatively low quality of rural
education and a widespread indifference to fundamental research.

Although, the government attaches great significance to improving the education
quality and system, and spurring innovations, particularly those that can be
commercialized quickly, the lack of input into rural education and the shortage
of good teachers means nearly half of the nation's children at schooling age
cannot realize their potential. Most of them give up their schooling dream
shortly after attending school, realizing that working as farmer or a migrant
worker like their parents after finishing nine years of compulsory education is
their unchangeable fate.

Ren is correct in pointing out an ugly but real fact that the quality of rural
teachers is too low to ensure their students can be better than the teachers
themselves.

Also, Ren puts his cards on the table by speaking frankly about the nation's
indifference to, if not ignorance of, fundamental research, as many consider
fundamental research to be less productive and rewarding, as it is far from
industrialization and commercialization.

But the industrialization histories of the developed economies all point to a
common characteristic - all of them pay special attention to fundamental
research, which is the foundation for so-called commercial or industrial
innovations.

China should abstain from seeking quick success and instant benefits and
increase its input in fundamental research, be more forgiving of failures and
more inclusive in its talent and innovation assessment systems.

Besides, as Ren said, although self-innovation is important, particularly in the
fields where foreign countries intentionally exclude China, the country should
be more open to international cooperation in innovation and strengthen its
intellectual property rights protection.

The media should demonstrate more professionalism in reporting new technologies
and research, avoiding misleading the public and instilling unfounded optimism,
or creating a fantasy of the finishing line that is too far from the starting
line.

(China Daily 01/21/2019 page8)


                             427 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 21, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: HI-TECH GROWTH EMBRACED

BYLINE: Song Mengxing

BODY:

Guiyang was once jokingly called a capital city without a sense of presence, but
it has disproved that view completely with the big data industry boom there.

City enjoys boom in digital economy and takes advantage of the latest tech to
govern

Guiyang was once jokingly called a capital city without a sense of presence, but
it has disproved that view completely with the big data industry boom there.

It has now taken the lead in a race among Chinese cities with double-digit
economic growth and it has become a model for second movers, as it upgrades
traditional industries by using an innovation-driven path.

These were the remarks that Li Junru, former vice-president of the Party School
of the Central Committee of CPC, made when he gave a prize to Guiyang at a
ceremony held on Dec 16.

Guiyang, capital of the province, has hosted the world's first big data-themed
expo, the China International Big Data Industry Expo, four times since 2015. The
event has become a world-class arena to discuss development plans and share
achievements, its organizers said.

It also works as a platform for global experts, enterprises and startups in the
field to communicate and network. The event serves the national big data
strategy together with the World Internet Conference, which is held in Zhejiang
province.

In recent years, Guiyang has seen its digital economy thrive and traditional
industries upgrade faster. Early statistics showed 50 large big data companies
set up in the city last year. It is now home to more than 220 such businesses.

The city plans to create 10 big data-focused areas, including a digital
logistics demonstration center, and it has established a big data industry
chain. Fortune Global 500 enterprises such as Intel and Foxconn have chosen to
expand their operations in the city, which has attracted big data companies such
as Alibaba, Huawei and JD.

Guiyang has promoted the integration of big data and the real economy (industry,
the service sector and agriculture) to boost industrial digitization.

Between big data and industry, the city has developed an online service that
offers industrial companies a number of ways to upgrade. Based on the online
platform Guizhou Ind Cloud, it uses "big data plus intelligent manufacturing"
technology to offer industrial companies guidance and solutions for
improvements.

Guiyang-based XDX Materials has realized intelligent production in plants by
setting up China's first commercial concrete big data management platform. It
was promoted nationally last year as a demonstration project for intelligent
manufacturing.

Locally based sauce brand Laoganma, famous for its chili sauces, uses big data
to buy raw materials and market products. It has expanded its market, increased
sales and exported to countries and regions involved in the Belt and Road
Initiative.

Guiyang also used the internet and big data to support the upgrading of tourism,
commerce, finance and transport.

Based in the city, Huochebang is one of the country's largest online platforms
of shipment data. It uses big data to track down car owners, cargo sources and
haulage routes.

The city has also promoted the use of big data and the internet of things in
farming and its products market.

Guinong.com, an e-commerce platform of agricultural products, integrated supply
and marketing resources, has helped more than 500,000 impoverished rural
households increase their income. Libei village in Xifeng county gave a priority
to e-commerce and found a new way to generate income for residents.

Guiyang has used the "internet plus" to organize the city's fruit and vegetable
production, a management information service and a safety traceability system
for agricultural products. Its internet of things and big data cloud platform
can collect, monitor and analyze data throughout the whole process, from
production to marketing.

Tang Zhenjiang, director of the Guiyang big data development and management
committee, said Guiyang has also used big data to improve people's lives. The
city has promoted the application of big data in healthcare, education, tourism
and providing for the elderly.

The online platform Zhuminsheng combines more than 190 government services,
social services and commercial services, including employment services and
registration. It has been listed as an "internet plus government affairs
service" demonstration project by the National Development and Reform
Commission.

The online Guiyang Healthcare Platform contains basic information of 6.03
million people in the city. It gathered more than 800 million diagnosis and
treatment results from hospitals and medical institutions.

Guiyang's internet hospital recruited more than 1,000 medical experts and its
mobile platform serves more than 6,000 people every day.

The city has developed regional cooperation platforms. Based on the Zhongguancun
Guiyang Science and Technology Park, it has established an innovation-driven
regional partnership between Beijing and Guiyang. The two cities have united on
scientific and technological research and development, related infrastructure
construction, resource sharing and professionals' communication.

Guiyang cooperated with countries such as the United States, Russia, India and
Japan and established international institutes such as the Guizhou Berkeley Big
Data Innovation Research Center.

Tang said the city plans to further support local big data companies and attract
more such companies and high-tech enterprises to Guiyang. It will continue to
promote the integration of big data with the real economy, rural revitalization
and social governance.

songmengxing@chinadaily.com.cn

The 2018 China International Big Data Industry Expo launches several advanced
technologies.Photos Provided To China Daily

Left and right: Guiyang has hosted the world's first big data-themed expo, the
China International Big Data Industry Expo, four times since 2015. A dialogue on
blockchain is held during the 2018 expo.

Xiao-i robot is a star at the 2018 expo.

(China Daily 01/21/2019 page12)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/58/154803172971.jpg

00221917e13e1daf52d12f.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/78/154803172996.jpg

00221917e13e1daf52d630.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/74/154803173022.jpg

00221917e13e1daf52db31.jpg


                             428 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 21, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Chinese participants to join discussions on wide range of issues

BYLINE: Chen Weihua

BODY:

While Vice-President Wang Qishan will be the most senior Chinese official to
speak at the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum in Davos, the four-day
event will feature many other participants from the country and China-related
topics.

A talk on China's economic outlook will include discussions on how emerging
domestic and global trends are affecting the country's economic outlook.

Fang Xinghai, vice-chairman of the China Securities Regulatory Commission; Jin
Keyu, professor of economics at the London School of Economics; John Zhao,
chairman and CEO of Hony Capital; and Timothy Adams, president and CEO of the
Institute of International Finance, will take part in the talk.

A panel discussion on advancing China's trillion-dollar Belt and Road Initiative
will focus on how business and governments can navigate related political and
economic risks and ensure that this highly ambitious infrastructure project
succeeds as an engine of development and growth. The discussion will feature
Singapore Finance Minister Heng Swee Keat; Azerbaijan President Ilham Aliyev;
Wang Yongqing, vice-chairman of the All-China Federation of Industry and
Commerce; and Xu Niansha, chairman of Poly Group.

In a talk about learning from China's tech development, panelists will compare
notes on the digital transformation of traditional industries, and discuss ways
to boost business and policy incentives.

Carrie Lam Cheng Yuet-ngor, chief executive of the Hong Kong special
administrative region, will be a panelist discussing the outlook for emerging
markets, while Ma Jun, chairman of the China Green Finance Committee, is
expected to share his views on climate leadership.

Zhang Jianhua, minister of the National Energy Administration, will join a
discussion on the strategic energy outlook, while Justin Lin Yifu, honorary dean
of the National School of Development at Peking University, will be a panelist
discussing how to advance Africa's growth agenda.

Jack Ma, executive chairman of Alibaba Group Holding, will talk about
digitalizing emerging markets, while Alibaba Group CEO Daniel Zhang will join a
panel to speak on digital trust and transformation.

Ken Hu, rotating chairman of Huawei Technologies, will speak at a panel on the
strategic outlook for the digital economy, while Zhu Ning, professor of the PBC
School of Finance at Tsinghua University, will join a talk on building a
sustainable crypto-architecture.

Jeffrey Lu Mingfang, CEO of Mengniu Group, and Song Zhiping, chairman of China
National Building Materials Group, will be panel members for a discussion
entitled Globalization 4.0: China's role in the future of global commerce.

Charles Li Xiaojia, chief executive of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing, will
join a panel discussing resetting financial governance, while Lee Kai-Fu,
chairman and CEO of Sinovation Ventures, will share his views on setting rules
for the artificial intelligence race.

Ning Gaoning, chairman of Sinochem Group, will discuss shaping new market
architecture, and Fang Xinghai, vice-chairman of the China Securities Regulatory
Commission, will join a talk entitled When Global Orders Fail.

Yan Xuetong, dean of the Institute of International Relations at Tsinghua
University, will join a discussion on future frontiers for strategic
infrastructure, while Zhang Weiwei, dean of the China Institute at Fudan
University in Shanghai, will serve as a panelist on the modern history of
globalization.

chenweihua@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/21/2019 page2)


                             429 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 21, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: HI-TECH GROWTH EMBRACED

BYLINE: Song Mengxing

BODY:

Guiyang was once jokingly called a capital city without a sense of presence, but
it has disproved that view completely with the big data industry boom there.

City enjoys boom in digital economy and takes advantage of the latest tech to
govern

Guiyang was once jokingly called a capital city without a sense of presence, but
it has disproved that view completely with the big data industry boom there.

It has now taken the lead in a race among Chinese cities with double-digit
economic growth and it has become a model for second movers, as it upgrades
traditional industries by using an innovation-driven path.

These were the remarks that Li Junru, former vice-president of the Party School
of the Central Committee of CPC, made when he gave a prize to Guiyang at a
ceremony held on Dec 16.

Guiyang, capital of the province, has hosted the world's first big data-themed
expo, the China International Big Data Industry Expo, four times since 2015. The
event has become a world-class arena to discuss development plans and share
achievements, its organizers said.

It also works as a platform for global experts, enterprises and startups in the
field to communicate and network. The event serves the national big data
strategy together with the World Internet Conference, which is held in Zhejiang
province.

In recent years, Guiyang has seen its digital economy thrive and traditional
industries upgrade faster. Early statistics showed 50 large big data companies
set up in the city last year. It is now home to more than 220 such businesses.

The city plans to create 10 big data-focused areas, including a digital
logistics demonstration center, and it has established a big data industry
chain. Fortune Global 500 enterprises such as Intel and Foxconn have chosen to
expand their operations in the city, which has attracted big data companies such
as Alibaba, Huawei and JD.

Guiyang has promoted the integration of big data and the real economy (industry,
the service sector and agriculture) to boost industrial digitization.

Between big data and industry, the city has developed an online service that
offers industrial companies a number of ways to upgrade. Based on the online
platform Guizhou Ind Cloud, it uses "big data plus intelligent manufacturing"
technology to offer industrial companies guidance and solutions for
improvements.

Guiyang-based XDX Materials has realized intelligent production in plants by
setting up China's first commercial concrete big data management platform. It
was promoted nationally last year as a demonstration project for intelligent
manufacturing.

Locally based sauce brand Laoganma, famous for its chili sauces, uses big data
to buy raw materials and market products. It has expanded its market, increased
sales and exported to countries and regions involved in the Belt and Road
Initiative.

Guiyang also used the internet and big data to support the upgrading of tourism,
commerce, finance and transport.

Based in the city, Huochebang is one of the country's largest online platforms
of shipment data. It uses big data to track down car owners, cargo sources and
haulage routes.

The city has also promoted the use of big data and the internet of things in
farming and its products market.

Guinong.com, an e-commerce platform of agricultural products, integrated supply
and marketing resources, has helped more than 500,000 impoverished rural
households increase their income. Libei village in Xifeng county gave a priority
to e-commerce and found a new way to generate income for residents.

Guiyang has used the "internet plus" to organize the city's fruit and vegetable
production, a management information service and a safety traceability system
for agricultural products. Its internet of things and big data cloud platform
can collect, monitor and analyze data throughout the whole process, from
production to marketing.

Tang Zhenjiang, director of the Guiyang big data development and management
committee, said Guiyang has also used big data to improve people's lives. The
city has promoted the application of big data in healthcare, education, tourism
and providing for the elderly.

The online platform Zhuminsheng combines more than 190 government services,
social services and commercial services, including employment services and
registration. It has been listed as an "internet plus government affairs
service" demonstration project by the National Development and Reform
Commission.

The online Guiyang Healthcare Platform contains basic information of 6.03
million people in the city. It gathered more than 800 million diagnosis and
treatment results from hospitals and medical institutions.

Guiyang's internet hospital recruited more than 1,000 medical experts and its
mobile platform serves more than 6,000 people every day.

The city has developed regional cooperation platforms. Based on the Zhongguancun
Guiyang Science and Technology Park, it has established an innovation-driven
regional partnership between Beijing and Guiyang. The two cities have united on
scientific and technological research and development, related infrastructure
construction, resource sharing and professionals' communication.

Guiyang cooperated with countries such as the United States, Russia, India and
Japan and established international institutes such as the Guizhou Berkeley Big
Data Innovation Research Center.

Tang said the city plans to further support local big data companies and attract
more such companies and high-tech enterprises to Guiyang. It will continue to
promote the integration of big data with the real economy, rural revitalization
and social governance.

songmengxing@chinadaily.com.cn

The 2018 China International Big Data Industry Expo launches several advanced
technologies.Photos Provided To China Daily

Left and right: Guiyang has hosted the world's first big data-themed expo, the
China International Big Data Industry Expo, four times since 2015. A dialogue on
blockchain is held during the 2018 expo.

Xiao-i robot is a star at the 2018 expo.

(China Daily 01/21/2019 page12)


                             430 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 19, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: CEO: Huawei can weather choppy waters

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

The founder and CEO of Huawei Technologies Co Ltd said the difficulties the tech
giant faces today will not have a big effect on its business in the long term,
predicting revenue will double within five years.

The smartphone maker predicted more than 10 years ago the challenges it may face
today, according to 74-year-old Ren Zhengfei.

"We are not completely unprepared to deal with the situation. The difficulties
will affect us but not to a large extent. No grave problems will emerge," he
said in an interview with the media in Shenzhen, Guangdong province, on
Thursday.

Ren said that the company will invest $100 billion over the next five years to
make the world's best telecom network and to make it extremely safe.

"After five years, annual revenue is likely to more than double today's figure,"
Ren added.

The company posted $108.5 billion in revenue in 2018, and said the figure is
likely to hit $125 billion this year.

It was the second media briefing for the reclusive head of Huawei within three
days, highlighting that the world's largest telecom equipment maker is embracing
an increasingly open approach to counter allegations by taking the initiative to
respond to concerns.

In a one-and-half-hour interview, Ren said he has never supported
"self-innovation", adding people should not do everything on their own.

"Science and technology are the commonwealth of mankind and we should stand on
the shoulders of our predecessors to advance. That way we can bridge the
distance we have with the world's best," Ren said.

"When others innovate, we must respect others' intellectual properties and pay
to get their permission. If we redo (something), we also must get their
permission and pay them. That's the law," he said, clarifying he was talking
about engineering innovation at enterprises, not scientific innovation.

Founded in 1987, Huawei's business has gradually expanded to cover telecom
equipment, semiconductors, smartphones and big data solutions. Its products and
services are now available in more than 170 countries and regions, with about
180,000 employees around the world.

In response to Western accusations that Chinese companies have stolen
intellectual properties, Ren said Huawei has had several big cases in the United
States, which all concluded successfully.

"Huawei now has 87,805 patents and 11,152 of them were granted in the United
States. Our technical patents are of value to the US information society. We
also have cross-patent admissions with many Western companies. We absolutely
respect others' IP," Ren noted.

Xiang Ligang, CEO of industry website Cctime, said it would not be easy for
outside pressure to topple Huawei, given the company's huge size and its growing
technological weight in the global arena.

In the third quarter of 2018, Huawei commanded a 28 percent share of the global
telecom equipment market, according to data from research company Dell'Oro
Group.

In the same period, it shipped 14.6 percent of all smartphones worldwide, said
International Data Corp.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/19/2019 page5)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/98/154785186193.jpg

00221917e13e1dac9b1309.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/10/154785186231.jpg

00221917e13e1dac9b190a.jpg


                             431 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 19, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Beijing warns Ottawa not to seek allies in disputes

BYLINE: Cao Desheng

BODY:

Chinese Ambassador to Canada Lu Shaye has warned Ottawa not resort to
"microphone diplomacy", given that rallying support from other countries won't
help resolve problems between the two countries.

Speaking at a news conference in Ottawa on Thursday, Lu said it would be a bad
idea for Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland to use next week's World
Economic Forum meeting in Davos, Switzerland, to seek support against China.

Beijing hopes Ottawa will agree to dialogue to resolve problems bilaterally and
help their relations return to the right track, Lu added.

Ties between China and Canada turned sour last month after Canadian authorities
arrested Meng Wanzhou, chief financial officer of Huawei, at the request of the
United States.

Lu called Canada's arrest of Meng "politically motivated" because she did not
violate Canadian laws. She was detained at Vancouver International Airport on a
US arrest warrant concerning fraud allegations related to sanctions on Iran.

Canada has embarked on a campaign with allies to press China for the release of
ex-diplomat Michael Kovrig and businessman Michael Spavor, who were detained in
China on suspicion of engaging in activities endangering national security.

Lu defended China's detention of the two Canadians, saying they are charged with
violation of Chinese laws.

Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has tried to recruit additional
international support in Canada's disputes with China. Freeland said earlier
this week the detained Canadians will be at the top of her agenda when she
visits Davos for the World Economic Forum next week.

China will not be isolated in the international community and will not waver in
its position simply because of the objection of a few countries, Lu said. Both
sides should use bilateral channels for talks instead of resorting to microphone
diplomacy, he added.

The problems in China-Canada relations have hurt bilateral exchanges and
cooperation, for which Beijing will not be held accountable, Lu said.

Lu said it is "for sure" that the rift between Beijing and Ottawa will influence
their negotiations for a free-trade agreement.

China has considered trade relations with Canada to be important and will
continue, as always, to advance bilateral trade cooperation, Lu said. The
country stands ready to advance free trade negotiations with Canada when the
time is ripe.

Lu also urged Ottawa not to follow some of its Five Eyes intelligence-sharing
allies in banning Huawei from building a 5G network in their countries. The
alliance includes Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the United Kingdom and the
United States.

caodesheng@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/19/2019 page1)


                             432 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 19, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: CEO: Huawei can weather choppy waters

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

The founder and CEO of Huawei Technologies Co Ltd said the difficulties the tech
giant faces today will not have a big effect on its business in the long term,
predicting revenue will double within five years.

The smartphone maker predicted more than 10 years ago the challenges it may face
today, according to 74-year-old Ren Zhengfei.

"We are not completely unprepared to deal with the situation. The difficulties
will affect us but not to a large extent. No grave problems will emerge," he
said in an interview with the media in Shenzhen, Guangdong province, on
Thursday.

Ren said that the company will invest $100 billion over the next five years to
make the world's best telecom network and to make it extremely safe.

"After five years, annual revenue is likely to more than double today's figure,"
Ren added.

The company posted $108.5 billion in revenue in 2018, and said the figure is
likely to hit $125 billion this year.

It was the second media briefing for the reclusive head of Huawei within three
days, highlighting that the world's largest telecom equipment maker is embracing
an increasingly open approach to counter allegations by taking the initiative to
respond to concerns.

In a one-and-half-hour interview, Ren said he has never supported
"self-innovation", adding people should not do everything on their own.

"Science and technology are the commonwealth of mankind and we should stand on
the shoulders of our predecessors to advance. That way we can bridge the
distance we have with the world's best," Ren said.

"When others innovate, we must respect others' intellectual properties and pay
to get their permission. If we redo (something), we also must get their
permission and pay them. That's the law," he said, clarifying he was talking
about engineering innovation at enterprises, not scientific innovation.

Founded in 1987, Huawei's business has gradually expanded to cover telecom
equipment, semiconductors, smartphones and big data solutions. Its products and
services are now available in more than 170 countries and regions, with about
180,000 employees around the world.

In response to Western accusations that Chinese companies have stolen
intellectual properties, Ren said Huawei has had several big cases in the United
States, which all concluded successfully.

"Huawei now has 87,805 patents and 11,152 of them were granted in the United
States. Our technical patents are of value to the US information society. We
also have cross-patent admissions with many Western companies. We absolutely
respect others' IP," Ren noted.

Xiang Ligang, CEO of industry website Cctime, said it would not be easy for
outside pressure to topple Huawei, given the company's huge size and its growing
technological weight in the global arena.

In the third quarter of 2018, Huawei commanded a 28 percent share of the global
telecom equipment market, according to data from research company Dell'Oro
Group.

In the same period, it shipped 14.6 percent of all smartphones worldwide, said
International Data Corp.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/19/2019 page5)


                             433 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 18, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Intense anxiety of US leads to witch hunt of Huawei

BODY:

It may be because of what it has achieved as one of the world's
telecommunications technology giants, of which Chinese people are proud, but
Huawei Technologies Co Ltd has become a thorn in the flesh of the United States.

A bipartisan group of US lawmakers introduced bills on Wednesday that would ban
the sale of US chips or other components to Huawei, ZTE Corp or any other
Chinese telecommunications company that they believe has violated US sanctions
or export control laws.

The Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing anonymous sources, that
the Justice Department is looking into allegations of theft of trade secrets
from Huawei's US business partners, including a T-Mobile robotic device used to
test smartphones.

However, the US has done a lot of looking, and from the arrest of Meng Wanzhou,
the chief financial officer of Huawei, in Canada at the instigation of the
United States, to the repeated warnings by the US to its allies not to use
Huawei products and not to cooperate with Huawei, it has not provided a shred of
evidence to support its allegations.

The US politicians may believe that a lie repeated a thousand times will be
accepted as truth. But they should know that they will only shame themselves
when Huawei proves innocent of all their allegations.

As far as the US interests are concerned, they seem to be so paranoid about
Huawei and the rise of China that they have forgotten that technology companies
all over the world now rely on each other for innovation and development because
of the globalized supply chain. No technology company can survive without the
procurement of components from others.

What the US government and its politicians are doing with Huawei will certainly
make things difficult for the Chinese telecommunications giant. But they are
also doing a disservice to the development of the telecommunications technology
across the world.

It may be because its success portends the rise of China as the major rival of
the US that some US politicians spare no efforts in demonizing Huawei with a
view to strangling its development. But by talking ill of Huawei as a technology
thief and a company engaged in espionage on behalf of the Chinese government,
those US politicians are politicizing business matters. That will not only
sabotage the normal development of China-US relations but also inevitably the
progress of the global telecommunications industry.

Huawei has 180,000 employees all over the world, participating in global
telecommunications construction under different conditions. And according to
rotating-Chairman Hu Houkun at a round-table with international media
organizations on Dec 18, it plans to launch more chipsets, hardware and software
solutions for artificial intelligence to help customers maximize the benefits of
5G technology.

And there's the rub - the US crackdown on Huawei is a politicized attack
provoked by the Washington's paranoia that the US will lose its pole position in
the latest technology race.

(China Daily 01/18/2019 page8)


                             434 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 18, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Companies could benefit from strategic actions

BYLINE: Cecily Liu in London

BODY:

Navigating uncertainties over Brexit is not easy, especially for Chinese
companies relatively new to the UK market and still building up an understanding
of the local policy environment.

While a wait-and-see approach seems the safest option, a more proactive attitude
to finding new opportunities and taking risk control measures may achieve better
rewards.

Companies that are in the UK to seek technological upgrades or to connect
British brands with China's booming consumer markets are in a good position to
proceed with their investment plans, as their focus does not depend on the UK's
access to the European Union or the country's economic growth rate.

Telecommunications company Huawei, automotive manufacturer FAW and locomotive
maker CRRC Corp have all increasingly invested in their research and development
projects at UK universities. As the results of these projects will be
implemented across their operations in China and globally, Brexit matters little
to them.

The UK's tourism, education and luxury brand sectors also offer abundant
opportunities for Chinese companies regardless of Brexit.

E-commerce platforms Tmall Global and JD have both stepped up efforts to buy
British brands, and Chinese logistics companies such as STO Express and Dolphin
Supply Chain are expanding rapidly.

On the other hand, Chinese companies who are serving EU clients from the UK, or
vice versa, need to draw up contingency plans in case new restrictions are
introduced post-Brexit.

For example, in the financial sector, Chinese banks have made plans to serve EU
clients from jurisdictions within the trading bloc.

China Everbright Bank launched a branch in Luxembourg in 2017, and is using this
as its European headquarters to serve clients from other EU jurisdictions, while
Bank of China launched a branch in Dublin, the Irish capital, to cater to its
growing client base in the country.

After making plans to either go ahead with expansion or create EU teams, Chinese
companies still need to consider how currency risks and local market employment
prospects affect their ambitions.

Many have already taken measures to ensure their loan and supplier contracts are
all denominated in sterling, to mitigate currency risks. Those companies hit by
the more than 15 percent drop in the value of the UK currency since the 2016
Brexit referendum bear witness to just how critical this precaution is.

Chinese companies with ambitious expansion plans in the UK should consider how
realistic their strategies are if EU nations can no longer supply Britain with
enough talent post-Brexit.

Restricting immigration is one factor, but the "unwelcoming" feeling Brexit has
created for EU talent is another important factor reducing the UK's pool of
professionals.

In particular, companies that rely heavily on EU workers, such as those in the
construction and manufacturing sectors, need to consider this factor to draw up
more realistic plans. Even if they do not employ these workers directly, the
fact that their local suppliers may face this challenge means they should be
aware of potential cost hikes.

Having said this, smart Chinese companies with clear expansion plans can
navigate the employment challenge by hiring talent laid off by competitors who
are scaling down their operations or shifting work to the EU due to Brexit
uncertainties.

There are plenty of opportunities for Sino-UK collaboration, especially as the
two economies are enjoying increasing complementarities as China makes a
structural shift to become a knowledge-based economy.

Chinese companies that decide to push ahead with investments while their
competitors take a wait-and-see attitude can enjoy "first-mover" advantages in
some instances, provided they have a focused strategy and take precautions to
address risks.

cecily.liu@mail.chinadailyuk.com

(China Daily 01/18/2019 page2)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/95/154777255153.jpg

00221917e13e1dab5ff911.jpg


                             435 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 18, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Beijing pans US bills to ban chip sales

BYLINE: Ma Si and Zhou Jin

BODY:

The Foreign Ministry said on Thursday it resolutely opposed the United States'
abuse of export control measures after a bipartisan group of US lawmakers
introduced bills to ban the sale of US chips or other components to some Chinese
telecommunications companies including Huawei and ZTE.

"We oppose the US interference in normal international trade cooperation between
enterprises and urge relevant US congressmen to stop unreasonable suppression of
Chinese companies and stop the bills," ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said at
a daily news briefing.

She said the move of the US congressmen reflects extreme arrogance as well as
the absence of confidence among some people in the United States. The US is
making every effort to suppress Chinese high-tech companies by using the
machinery of the state, she added.

The bills were introduced shortly after reports that federal prosecutors in
Seattle were investigating Huawei for allegedly stealing trade secrets from US
companies like wireless operator T-Mobile.

Hua said the ministry is concerned about the unusual US practice of conducting a
criminal probe into a civil case that has been settled.

China has doubts about the intention behind the probe, and the frequent
expansion and politicization of civil cases does not conform to the rule of free
and fair competition and violates the spirit of the rule of law, Hua said.

Huawei is facing cybersecurity allegations in the US, a market that it has never
been able to fully enter despite decades of effort.

A Huawei statement said on Thursday that Huawei and T-Mobile "settled their
disputes in 2017 following a US jury verdict finding neither damage, unjust
enrichment nor willful and malicious conduct by Huawei in T-Mobile's trade
secret claim".

Wang Yanhui, secretary-general of the Mobile China Alliance, an industry group,
said as a staunch supporter of the market economy, the US, ironically, is
leveraging nonmarket forces to contain the emergence of Huawei, a private
Chinese company, in the global technology arena.

"The US is sparing no effort to find whatever it can to use against Chinese tech
companies, even digging out cases that had been settled years ago," Wang said.
"Such moves could result in shooting oneself in the foot."

In December, Greg Brown, CEO of Motorola Solutions, told Fox Business Network
that "Huawei definitely stole trade secrets". But on Jan 11, Motorola retracted
Brown's statements, saying, "The comments should not have been made" in light of
a public statement issued when the dispute was settled in 2011.

Huawei's troubles are part of broader challenges Chinese tech companies have met
in the US. Most Chinese-made telecom equipment has been banned, and a string of
Chinese acquisition plans were blocked due to "national security concerns" last
year.

On Thursday, Gao Feng, a spokesman of the Ministry of Commerce, said some
countries are fanning security concerns toward Chinese tech products, which are
groundless accusations. "China's technological development is not a threat to
the world, and it can be shared by the globe through trade," Gao added.

Contact the writers at masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/18/2019 page1)


                             436 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 18, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: CHINESE COMPANIES LOOK TO INVEST IN UK

BYLINE: Cecily Liu in London

BODY:

Targets pursued despite Brexit uncertainties

At a state-of-the-art laboratory in Lincolnshire, eastern England, a group of
Chinese and British engineers are enthusiastically discussing the development of
the next generation insulated-gate bipolar transistor, which helps run, among
other things, high-speed trains.

The laboratory is owned by Dynex, a 63-year-old company that in the 20th century
was Britain's biggest high-voltage semiconductor maker before going into decline
amid the global financial crisis in 2008.

Dynex was rescued after being acquired by Chinese train manufacturer CRRC Corp
through its subsidiary CRRC Times Electric. This has resulted in a decade of
investment to improve Dynex's expertise in manufacturing and research and
development.

Despite uncertainties over Brexit, Dynex and CRRC have invested $10 million to
$12 million annually in the R&D center in Lincolnshire, with the latest
components being used in CRRC trains.

CRRC and Dynex are also jointly investing in a new innovation center in the
English city of Birmingham this year to develop chips for use in the huge
electric car market in China and internationally. The center aims to employ 100
engineers this year, with the number to rise to 200 to 300 in the next few
years.

CRRC's financial strategy provides a snapshot of continued Chinese investment in
the United Kingdom, driven by companies' desire to seek technological know-how,
brands and new markets.

Latest statistics compiled by law firm Baker McKenzie and research company the
Rhodium Group show that the UK was the largest recipient of Chinese outbound
foreign direct investment last year, surpassing the United States, which has
historically been the biggest recipient.

According to the joint report, last year, Chinese outbound FDI in the UK stood
at $4.94 billion, followed by $4.8 billion in the US and $4.05 billion in
Sweden. However, these figures are much lower than Chinese outbound investment
in 2017, due to turbulence in the global economy throughout last year triggered
by trade tensions and political uncertainties.

The report defines FDI as "all organic expansion investments and those that
result in ownership control of at least 10 percent in the target firm".

Although official figures on China's outbound investment last year are still to
be released by the central government, the report highlights a trend in which
Chinese investors are committed to the UK market, and analysts expect this to
intensify.

Ed Ratcliffe, head of research and advisory at Asia House, a center focusing on
trade expertise, investment and public policy in London, said, "Chinese
investment in the UK appears not to have been greatly affected by the specter of
Brexit since the referendum in June 2016."

Jiang Suwei, a partner in the UK at PwC, said Chinese investment in sectors such
as energy and utilities, infrastructure and real estate development,
manufacturing and financial services is already significant and will continue to
grow.

She said the UK's tradition of welcoming foreign investment, along with its
international capital market and availability of talent and professional
services are all factors attractive to Chinese investors.

Ratcliffe and Jiang's observations are backed by Chinese companies, many of
which showed their continued commitment to the UK market through new investment
last year.

China General Nuclear Power Group, which is investing 6 billion pounds ($7.65
billion) in the Hinkley Point C nuclear power station in southwest England,
while putting its own nuclear technology through the UK regulatory approval
system, reaffirmed its commitment to the British market last year.

Zheng Dongshan, chief executive of the company's UK subsidiary, said in a recent
media interview, "If we are accepted in the UK ... it will heighten our
acceptability to other countries."

In February, Chinese telecommunications company Huawei Technologies Corp said it
would invest a further 3 billion pounds in the UK or buy from British suppliers
during the next five years.

Despite doubts being voiced late last year over Huawei's equipment security by
UK Defense Secretary Gavin Williamson and Alex Younger, the head of MI6, the UK
agency that handles foreign intelligence and operations, the company reaffirmed
this month its commitment to the UK and continued extensive collaboration with
its partners in the country.

Cheryl Xu, a spokeswoman for the company, said, "Huawei's extensive
collaboration with (telecom service providers) BT and Vodafone in all the main
cities in the UK has not changed."

Bank branches set up

In the financial services sector, both Shanghai Pudong Development Bank and
Agricultural Bank of China have set up branches in London, despite Brexit
concerns having seen Western banks move employees elsewhere in the European
Union.

"SPD Bank sees the establishment of a branch in the UK as a key stepping stone
into the global market. We don't feel there is a major implication to SPD from
Brexit," a spokesman for the bank said.

Overseas investment by Chinese companies has witnessed several significant
cycles. Early outbound investment in the 1990s focused on developing markets
across Asia and Africa, where the business environment is slightly similar to
China's, and where Chinese companies are more likely to find a competitive cost
advantage.

Since the 2000s, Chinese companies have gradually ventured into more mature
markets such as the US and Europe, seeking know-how to aid China's manufacturing
and technology development.

An example is computer maker Lenovo Group Ltd's acquisition of IBM's personal
computer business in 2005. This accelerated Lenovo's growth to becoming an
internationally competitive computer maker.

The fact that China was less affected by the 2008 financial crisis than many
Western markets meant that Chinese outbound deals over the past decade
increased.

Investment in the UK grew rapidly, and in particular, a sharp drop in the value
of the pound since the 2016 Brexit referendum has attracted some high-profile
deals.

One example is the $14 billion purchase of the warehouse company Logicor in
London by the sovereign wealth fund China Investment Corp in 2017. In the
property sector, LKK Health Products Group bought the landmark "Walkie Talkie"
building in London, officially known as 20 Fenchurch Street, for 1.3 billion
pounds, and CC Land bought the "Cheesegrater" building in London at 122
Leadenhall Street for 1.15 billion pounds.

Most analysts believe that the rush of deals in 2017 on the back of a weak pound
will not be repeated, but strong complementarities between the Chinese and UK
economies will sustain steady deal volumes.

Zhu Yinan, a partner and chief legal officer with advisory company DealGlobe,
said, "I do not expect the volume to increase in 2019, but certainly expect to
see higher-quality and more strategic acquisitions."

However, some deals have been less successful than others. China's Bright Food,
which acquired majority ownership of UK breakfast brand Weetabix in 2012, resold
it in 2016.

Sanbao Group, which bought a majority stake in the British department store
House of Fraser in 2014, with an ambitious plan to open 50 such stores in China,
has only opened one. Last year, it announced plans to close 31 of its 59 UK
shops, affecting 6,000 jobs, due to the poor British retail environment.

Peter Williamson, honorary professor of international management at Cambridge
Judge Business School, said Chinese companies should do more to fully understand
the UK market, regulations and business practices.

This is particularly so for those in the construction and infrastructure
sectors, where the planning systems, building regulations and procurement
processes are so complex that it is difficult even for local companies to
understand them.

Peter Zysk, a director with the business advisory company Brunswick Group in
Beijing, said one significant factor determining the likely success of Chinese
outbound investment is public perception - which varies across sectors - and the
scope of the investment.

A Brunswick report that surveyed 1,500 people from the US, UK and Germany found
that 70 percent of respondents supported outbound transactions where a Chinese
company only acquired a minority stake in a local one, but support level drops
to 40 percent if the acquisition is for a majority stake and causes a management
change.

The survey also found that a high percentage of respondents support Chinese
acquisitions in sectors such as hotels and entertainment, but less than half
support acquisitions in energy, banking and healthcare.

Zysk said: "Public perception of Chinese companies is hugely important. It can
determine if a deal can happen, and can impact on deal prices. It also impacts
on the regulatory approval process and the success of post-merger integration."

cecily.liu@mail.chinadailyuk.com

British Prime Minister Theresa May prepares to make a statement outside 10
Downing Street in London on Wednesday after surviving a vote of no-confidence in
Parliament.Clodagh Kilcoyne / Reuters

(China Daily 01/18/2019 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/92/154777255173.jpg

00221917e13e1dab5f8d0a.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/74/154777255227.jpg

00221917e13e1dab5fa40b.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/49/154777255256.jpg

00221917e13e1dab5fab0c.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/57/154777255305.jpg

00221917e13e1dab5fb30d.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/10/154777255352.jpg

00221917e13e1dab5fcb0e.jpg


                             437 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 18, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Chinese firms eyeing S. American market

BYLINE: Zheng Xin

BODY:

China's trade and investment relations with countries in South America remain
solid and are expected to continue to expand, despite the downward growth
pressure and other challenges facing the Chinese economy.

Challenges and opportunities coexist in multiple fields as domestic companies
strengthen presence in local economies

China's trade and investment relations with countries in South America remain
solid and are expected to continue to expand, despite the downward growth
pressure and other challenges facing the Chinese economy.

In Colombia, for example, Chinese companies in the oil infrastructure
construction, automobiles and IT and telecommunication sectors are seeing
growing influence in the country, as China has become its second-largest trading
partner.

China's presence in South American economies has been growing rapidly partly
thanks to the Belt and Road Initiative, with the increasing global expansion of
Chinese firms.

According to Liu Jing, executive secretary of the Colombia-China Business
Association which was established in 2016, the association currently has five
branches covering more than 70 Chinese companies.

The biggest branch provides services for Chinese firms in the infrastructure
construction and oil sectors, which includes big names like China Railway
Construction Corp Group; China Harbour Engineering Company Ltd; China Gezhouba
Group Co; China Petroleum and Chemical Corp, or Sinopec; China National
Petroleum Corp, or CNPC; and China National Offshore Oil Corp, or CNOOC.

"The prospect of lasting peace in Colombia has also enticed many private Chinese
investors to become increasingly involved in large-scale projects in the
country's energy and construction sectors," Liu said.

Other Chinese companies have also been on the continent for years, including
automakers BYD and Changan Automobile, and telecommunication equipment maker
Huawei.

Research from Brookings reveals that the Chinese economy is a more significant
source of demand for Latin American products than expected, but a less
significant source of capital for the region.

Sinopec, for example, currently conducts its business in Colombia through two
subsidiary companies, including Mansarovar Energy Colombia, a joint venture with
India's Oil and Natural Gas Corp, which is engaged in the exploration,
development and production of oil and natural gas in Colombia.

Ever since Sinopec established the 50-50 joint venture with ONGC, the company
has witnessed increasing profits, according to Zhao Xuan, chief executive of
Mansarovar, adding that the cumulative dividends for shareholders on both sides
in 2018 is expected to reach $100 million.

According to Zhao, the joint venture started with a crude production level of
2,300 metric tons per day when it was established in 2006.

After 12 years of development, four oilfields have entered commercial
development with 1,229 drillings and a crude production capacity of 6,600 tons
per day.

Mansarovar, which is based in Bogota, currently has 10 wells operating in
Colombia with a combined output of more than 30,000 barrels a day. The firm owns
stakes in 11 fields across Colombia's Middle Magdalena basin, through contracts
with Colombia's state oil company Ecopetrol.

Another subsidiary of Sinopec, the New Granada Energy Colombia, was founded in
2007. Its businesses include providing geophysical, geological and other
exploration services for the oil and gas sector.

In recent years, Sinopec's subsidiaries have seen increasing oil and gas
reserves in Colombia, which is among the best-performing regions in the world
together with Brazil and Kazakhstan.

"With a stable legal system and abundant oil and gas resources in Colombia, plus
its favorable tax policy, management system, and an open and level playing field
for foreign participants, Sinopec is confident of a better investment return in
the future," said Zhao.

On the other hand, the Colombian government's willingness to expand investment
in the oil sector is also a precious opportunity for companies like Sinopec. The
company has vowed to further study local investment regulations while looking
for potential fields to gradually expand its markets in South America.

Jaime Suarez, executive director for the Colombian Chinese Investment and
Commerce Chamber, said the Colombian government is adopting a much more focused
strategy toward the Chinese market, both in relation to investment and exports.

"While we came to the continent way behind some developed countries, we believe
in our technology and determination," said Zhao.

Chinese companies' presence in South American countries has also boosted local
employment. According to Sinopec, local employees represent a major force of the
company's two subsidiaries in Colombia - 99.2 percent at Mansarovar and 93
percent at New Granada.

Many other Chinese companies are also expanding their business on the South
American continent.

The State Grid Corp of China, which runs the majority of China's electricity
distribution networks, has brought to Brazil its own technology for ultrahigh
voltage transmission, which is key for large countries like China and Brazil,
with an 800 kilovolt electricity transmission capacity on a network that will
cover more than 4,000 kilometers by 2019.

Other key investors include China Three Gorges Corp, CNOOC and CNPC.

President Xi Jinping visited Brazil, Argentina, Venezuela and Cuba in 2014,
pledging tens of billions of dollars in new loans and foreign direct investment,
primarily in the form of infrastructure and energy projects.

However, Chinese companies are also facing various challenges and difficulties
in the region during the entry phase, as well as in their operations, which is
part of the learning process for Chinese firms regarding how to operate on the
ground.

According to Liu, besides crime, violence and a lack of security, resistance
from environmentalists and indigenous groups against industrialization and
mergers and acquisitions are also among the challenges faced by Chinese
companies.

According to an article by Lourdes Casanova, a senior lecturer of Cornell
University, China is the world's most important trading nation, with a trade
volume of $4 trillion, and the most important trading partner for 100 countries,
including Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Peru and Uruguay.

Now, China has moved beyond focusing only on trade to become a major investor,
whose presence is felt in primary sectors such as mining, oil, infrastructure
construction, banking and utilities, and Latin America needs to both partner and
compete with China, she said.

zhengxin@chinadaily.com.cn

Employees of Mansarovar Energy Colombia, a subsidiary company of Sinopec in
Colombia, work at the automated control center. Photos provided to China Daily

(China Daily 01/18/2019 page15)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/94/154777256945.jpg

a41f726b05111dab5ada31.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/57/154777257019.jpg

a41f726b05111dab5ae132.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/6/154777257117.jpg

a41f726b05111dab5ae233.jpg


                             438 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 18, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Chinese firms eyeing S. American market

BYLINE: Zheng Xin

BODY:

China's trade and investment relations with countries in South America remain
solid and are expected to continue to expand, despite the downward growth
pressure and other challenges facing the Chinese economy.

Challenges and opportunities coexist in multiple fields as domestic companies
strengthen presence in local economies

China's trade and investment relations with countries in South America remain
solid and are expected to continue to expand, despite the downward growth
pressure and other challenges facing the Chinese economy.

In Colombia, for example, Chinese companies in the oil infrastructure
construction, automobiles and IT and telecommunication sectors are seeing
growing influence in the country, as China has become its second-largest trading
partner.

China's presence in South American economies has been growing rapidly partly
thanks to the Belt and Road Initiative, with the increasing global expansion of
Chinese firms.

According to Liu Jing, executive secretary of the Colombia-China Business
Association which was established in 2016, the association currently has five
branches covering more than 70 Chinese companies.

The biggest branch provides services for Chinese firms in the infrastructure
construction and oil sectors, which includes big names like China Railway
Construction Corp Group; China Harbour Engineering Company Ltd; China Gezhouba
Group Co; China Petroleum and Chemical Corp, or Sinopec; China National
Petroleum Corp, or CNPC; and China National Offshore Oil Corp, or CNOOC.

"The prospect of lasting peace in Colombia has also enticed many private Chinese
investors to become increasingly involved in large-scale projects in the
country's energy and construction sectors," Liu said.

Other Chinese companies have also been on the continent for years, including
automakers BYD and Changan Automobile, and telecommunication equipment maker
Huawei.

Research from Brookings reveals that the Chinese economy is a more significant
source of demand for Latin American products than expected, but a less
significant source of capital for the region.

Sinopec, for example, currently conducts its business in Colombia through two
subsidiary companies, including Mansarovar Energy Colombia, a joint venture with
India's Oil and Natural Gas Corp, which is engaged in the exploration,
development and production of oil and natural gas in Colombia.

Ever since Sinopec established the 50-50 joint venture with ONGC, the company
has witnessed increasing profits, according to Zhao Xuan, chief executive of
Mansarovar, adding that the cumulative dividends for shareholders on both sides
in 2018 is expected to reach $100 million.

According to Zhao, the joint venture started with a crude production level of
2,300 metric tons per day when it was established in 2006.

After 12 years of development, four oilfields have entered commercial
development with 1,229 drillings and a crude production capacity of 6,600 tons
per day.

Mansarovar, which is based in Bogota, currently has 10 wells operating in
Colombia with a combined output of more than 30,000 barrels a day. The firm owns
stakes in 11 fields across Colombia's Middle Magdalena basin, through contracts
with Colombia's state oil company Ecopetrol.

Another subsidiary of Sinopec, the New Granada Energy Colombia, was founded in
2007. Its businesses include providing geophysical, geological and other
exploration services for the oil and gas sector.

In recent years, Sinopec's subsidiaries have seen increasing oil and gas
reserves in Colombia, which is among the best-performing regions in the world
together with Brazil and Kazakhstan.

"With a stable legal system and abundant oil and gas resources in Colombia, plus
its favorable tax policy, management system, and an open and level playing field
for foreign participants, Sinopec is confident of a better investment return in
the future," said Zhao.

On the other hand, the Colombian government's willingness to expand investment
in the oil sector is also a precious opportunity for companies like Sinopec. The
company has vowed to further study local investment regulations while looking
for potential fields to gradually expand its markets in South America.

Jaime Suarez, executive director for the Colombian Chinese Investment and
Commerce Chamber, said the Colombian government is adopting a much more focused
strategy toward the Chinese market, both in relation to investment and exports.

"While we came to the continent way behind some developed countries, we believe
in our technology and determination," said Zhao.

Chinese companies' presence in South American countries has also boosted local
employment. According to Sinopec, local employees represent a major force of the
company's two subsidiaries in Colombia - 99.2 percent at Mansarovar and 93
percent at New Granada.

Many other Chinese companies are also expanding their business on the South
American continent.

The State Grid Corp of China, which runs the majority of China's electricity
distribution networks, has brought to Brazil its own technology for ultrahigh
voltage transmission, which is key for large countries like China and Brazil,
with an 800 kilovolt electricity transmission capacity on a network that will
cover more than 4,000 kilometers by 2019.

Other key investors include China Three Gorges Corp, CNOOC and CNPC.

President Xi Jinping visited Brazil, Argentina, Venezuela and Cuba in 2014,
pledging tens of billions of dollars in new loans and foreign direct investment,
primarily in the form of infrastructure and energy projects.

However, Chinese companies are also facing various challenges and difficulties
in the region during the entry phase, as well as in their operations, which is
part of the learning process for Chinese firms regarding how to operate on the
ground.

According to Liu, besides crime, violence and a lack of security, resistance
from environmentalists and indigenous groups against industrialization and
mergers and acquisitions are also among the challenges faced by Chinese
companies.

According to an article by Lourdes Casanova, a senior lecturer of Cornell
University, China is the world's most important trading nation, with a trade
volume of $4 trillion, and the most important trading partner for 100 countries,
including Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Peru and Uruguay.

Now, China has moved beyond focusing only on trade to become a major investor,
whose presence is felt in primary sectors such as mining, oil, infrastructure
construction, banking and utilities, and Latin America needs to both partner and
compete with China, she said.

zhengxin@chinadaily.com.cn

Employees of Mansarovar Energy Colombia, a subsidiary company of Sinopec in
Colombia, work at the automated control center. Photos provided to China Daily

(China Daily 01/18/2019 page15)


                             439 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 17, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Huawei founder denies spy allegations

BYLINE: Cheng Yu and Ma Si

BODY:

The founder of Huawei Technologies Co denied all spying allegations in a rare
media interview as the Chinese tech company looks to combat overseas challenges
to enable it to grow its revenue in 2019.

Ren Zhengfei, the reclusive head of Huawei, said that the company has never
spied for the Chinese government and never would.

"No law requires any company in China to install mandatory backdoors," Ren said
at a rare briefing with foreign media on Tuesday in Shenzhen, Guangdong
province. "I would never harm the interests of any customer or any country."

The comments came as the world's largest telecom gear maker and No 2 smartphone
vendor is facing cybersecurity allegations in several developed markets. A
backdoor is a way to access a system that bypasses security mechanisms.

Ren said the temporary overseas difficulties may slow the company's sales growth
rate to less than 20 percent, down from around 21 percent in 2018. Huawei has
set a target of $125 billion in revenue this year.

"The future still awaits us as long as we can survive and support our staff,"
said the 74-year-old founder. "Huawei is not a listed company. We don't need a
beautiful earnings report. We can scale down a bit if they don't want Huawei to
stay in some markets."

Founded in 1987, Huawei's business has gradually expanded to cover telecom gear
equipment, semiconductors, smartphones and big data solutions. It now has about
180,000 employees around the world.

Wang Yanhui, secretary-general of the Mobile China Alliance, an industry
association, said Ren's rare media briefing shows that Huawei is embracing an
increasingly open approach to counter allegations through taking the initiative
in responding to concerns.

Ren, also the father of Huawei finance chief Meng Wanzhou, said he misses his
daughter and believes that justice will prevail. Canada arrested Meng at the
request of the United States on Dec 1 on charges relating to alleged violation
of sanctions against Iran. Meng was released after posting bail and has been
required to stay at her Vancouver home.

Ren also said at the briefing that Huawei has secured 30 commercial contracts
for providing 5G technology, up from 26, the number it disclosed in late
December.

"The company is steadily gaining clients even as its brand was hurt by
allegations. This shows that trust exists between Huawei and some telecom
carriers, and underlines its technological prowess," Wang added.

Huawei said earlier that over 211 of the top 500 global companies have chosen to
use its products and services to accelerate digitalization. Last month, the
Indian authorities also invited it to take part in a local 5G trial.

Jia Mo, a research analyst at technology consultancy Canalys, said Ren aims to
clarify rumors and clear obstacles to its businesses in foreign countries.

"It is critical for Huawei's long-term development, especially when global 5G
development is stepping onto a key stage," said Jia, adding that countries
around the world are expected to deploy large-scale 5G networks in a year or
two.

Bloomberg contributed to this story.

Contact the writers at chengyu@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/17/2019 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/25/154768620785.jpg

a41f726b05111daa085d06.jpg


                             440 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 16, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Nothing arbitrary about death penalty for drug trafficking

BODY:

Drug trafficking is a felony subject to the death penalty in the Chinese
criminal code.

Under Clause 1, Article 347 of the Chinese Criminal Law, those convicted of
smuggling, trafficking, transporting, or manufacturing more than 1,000 grams of
opium, more than 50 grams of heroin or methamphetamine, or large quantities of
other drugs may receive the death penalty.

In fact, not a few have been executed for drug-related crimes, including some
foreign nationals.

There have been pleas, protests, diplomatic representations over cases involving
foreigners. But neighbored by some drug-producing nations, China has
consistently taken a hard line to deter drug trafficking.

With such historical precedents, the death sentence Dalian Intermediate People's
Court of Northeast China's Liaoning province handed down after hearing the
appeal of Canadian citizen Robert Lloyd Schellenberg on Monday is nothing out of
the ordinary. The Canadian citizen was found guilty of trafficking over 222
kilograms of methamphetamine, quite substantially well in excess of the 50-gram
threshold for the death penalty set out in Chinese law.

He was also found guilty of operating an international drug-trafficking
operation, a crime that independently carries the death penalty.

Yet despite the law being unambiguous on these matters, the case instantly
ballooned into something far beyond the crimes and punishment.

The government of Canada has updated, and upgraded an earlier travel advisory.
It now rather sanctimoniously warns Canadians traveling to China of the "high
risk of arbitrary enforcement of local laws".

As in any country, the law is the law, and those trafficking drugs in China do
so knowing they face the death penalty if caught.

But ignoring the fact that Chinese law clearly prescribes it as a punishment,
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau issued a protest, in which he accused the
Chinese court of "arbitrarily" sentencing Schellenberg to death.

The arbitrary accusation perhaps stems from the Canadian government having a
guilty conscience given he was believed to be suggesting that Beijing is using
the case to pressure Canada over that of Huawei CFO Meng Wanzhou, who is in
Canada awaiting possible extradition to the United States at the latter's
request.

Such speculation is natural given the timing, but there is no evidence that
Beijing is playing hostage politics, as some critics claim. Beijing is simply
adamantly anti-drugs.

Schellenberg would have done well to heed the words of Justice Neil Brown of
Canada's British Columbia Supreme Court in Chiliwack, who on sentencing
Schellenberg to two years imprisonment for drug trafficking in 2012, told him,
"Do not ever underestimate the seriousness of this kind of an offense."

Under Chinese law, Schellenberg has 10 days to appeal the death sentence, nine
are left.

(China Daily 01/16/2019 page8)


                             441 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 16, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Nothing arbitrary about death penalty for drug trafficking

BODY:

Drug trafficking is a felony subject to the death penalty in the Chinese
criminal code.

Under Clause 1, Article 347 of the Chinese Criminal Law, those convicted of
smuggling, trafficking, transporting, or manufacturing more than 1,000 grams of
opium, more than 50 grams of heroin or methamphetamine, or large quantities of
other drugs may receive the death penalty.

In fact, not a few have been executed for drug-related crimes, including some
foreign nationals.

There have been pleas, protests, diplomatic representations over cases involving
foreigners. But neighbored by some drug-producing nations, China has
consistently taken a hard line to deter drug trafficking.

With such historical precedents, the death sentence Dalian Intermediate People's
Court of Northeast China's Liaoning province handed down after hearing the
appeal of Canadian citizen Robert Lloyd Schellenberg on Monday is nothing out of
the ordinary. The Canadian citizen was found guilty of trafficking over 222
kilograms of methamphetamine, quite substantially well in excess of the 50-gram
threshold for the death penalty set out in Chinese law.

He was also found guilty of operating an international drug-trafficking
operation, a crime that independently carries the death penalty.

Yet despite the law being unambiguous on these matters, the case instantly
ballooned into something far beyond the crimes and punishment.

The government of Canada has updated, and upgraded an earlier travel advisory.
It now rather sanctimoniously warns Canadians traveling to China of the "high
risk of arbitrary enforcement of local laws".

As in any country, the law is the law, and those trafficking drugs in China do
so knowing they face the death penalty if caught.

But ignoring the fact that Chinese law clearly prescribes it as a punishment,
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau issued a protest, in which he accused the
Chinese court of "arbitrarily" sentencing Schellenberg to death.

The arbitrary accusation perhaps stems from the Canadian government having a
guilty conscience given he was believed to be suggesting that Beijing is using
the case to pressure Canada over that of Huawei CFO Meng Wanzhou, who is in
Canada awaiting possible extradition to the United States at the latter's
request.

Such speculation is natural given the timing, but there is no evidence that
Beijing is playing hostage politics, as some critics claim. Beijing is simply
adamantly anti-drugs.

Schellenberg would have done well to heed the words of Justice Neil Brown of
Canada's British Columbia Supreme Court in Chiliwack, who on sentencing
Schellenberg to two years imprisonment for drug trafficking in 2012, told him,
"Do not ever underestimate the seriousness of this kind of an offense."

Under Chinese law, Schellenberg has 10 days to appeal the death sentence, nine
are left.

(China Daily 01/16/2019 page8)


                             442 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 14, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Huawei fires employee detained in Poland

BYLINE: Cao Desheng

BODY:

A Huawei employee detained in Poland on a charge of spying has been fired by the
Chinese tech company.

The company has decided to terminate the employment of Wang Weijing, who was
arrested on suspicion of breaking Polish law, a Huawei statement on Saturday
said.

Wang's alleged actions have no relation to the company, the statement said. "In
accordance with the terms and conditions of Huawei's labor contract, we have
made this decision because the incident in question has brought Huawei into
disrepute," it said.

Huawei reiterated in the statement that it complies with all applicable laws and
regulations in the countries where it operates, and it requires every employee
to abide by the laws and regulations in the countries where they are based.

Wang and a Polish national were arrested by Poland's counterintelligence service
on Tuesday, according to media reports.

Wang was said to be a public relations officer of Huawei's representative office
in Poland. The Polish citizen was said to have once worked for a Polish
intelligence agency and now works for Orange, a European cellular carrier,
Polish broadcaster Telewizja Polska reported. Both have pleaded not guilty,
according to the broadcaster.

The Foreign Ministry said in a response to media inquiries early on Saturday
that it is paying close attention to Poland's detention of Wang.

The ministry said it has asked Poland to brief China on the case through
consular channels, arrange visits by consular officials and handle the case in a
just way according to the law.

Wang's legitimate rights and interests should be ensured and his safety and
humanitarian treatment guaranteed, it said.

China "resolutely opposes the act of deliberate discrediting and groundless
fabricating under the situation which lacks facts in evidence", an unnamed
spokesperson of the Chinese embassy in Poland said in a statement published on
the embassy's website on Saturday. The spokesperson did not elaborate.

The arrest has drawn lots of media attention as it came a month after Huawei's
chief financial officer, Meng Wanzhou, was detained in Canada at the US
government's request on charges related to violating sanctions against Iran.

The telecommunications company is the largest supplier of network equipment for
phones and the internet. The Polish government said last year it would
collaborate with the company in developing a next-generation high-speed 5G
cellular network for the country.

caodesheng@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/14/2019 page1)


                             443 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 12, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Apple cuts some iPhone prices to retain edge

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Apple Inc has slashed the price of some its iPhone models by up to about 800
yuan ($118) for its channel partners in China after the United States tech giant
lowered its revenue forecast partly due to a weak performance in the country.

Firm looks to stay ahead of competition by making flagship devices affordable

Apple Inc has slashed the price of some its iPhone models by up to about 800
yuan ($118) for its channel partners in China after the United States tech giant
lowered its revenue forecast partly due to a weak performance in the country.

JD, a major e-commerce platform in China, said it has received notice from Apple
that the price of the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus will be reduced to 3,999 yuan
and 4,799 yuan respectively, about 600 yuan and 800 yuan less than before.

JD said the price cut became effective on Friday and it is not a short-term
promotion.

Suning, another online platform in the country, also said on Friday that it has
considerably cut the price of the iPhone XR and iPhone X. The 128 gigabyte
version of the iPhone XR, for instance, is now sold at 5,799 yuan, about 1,200
yuan less than the price on Apple's official online store.

The move came shortly after Apple slashed its revenue guidance to $84 billion
for the quarter ended Dec 29, down from earlier estimates of $89 billion to $93
billion. This is Apple's first revenue forecast cut in almost two decades.

Tim Cook, CEO of Apple, has attributed the decline to a variety of factors
including weakening demand from China and lower-than-expected sales of iPhones.
But analysts said the real reason could be the mounting competition from local
rivals such as Huawei Technologies Co Ltd.

Jia Mo, a research analyst with technology consultancy Canalys, said the high
price tag of Apple's latest handset risks losing mass-market consumers to local
smartphone vendors and making the California-based company a niche luxury brand
in China.

"In China, it is always the most expensive iPhone model that sells the best. But
less-expensive models or older models are losing to local brands' quality
smartphones," Jia added.

According to him, Apple can maintain its brand appeal among its hard-core fans,
and dominate the most high-end segment of smartphones priced above 6,000 yuan,
but its popularity among mass-market consumers is likely to be reduced.

The global smartphone market is contracting, with worldwide smartphone shipments
declining by 6 percent year-on-year in the third quarter of 2018, marking the
fourth straight quarter of drops, according to data from market research company
International Data Corp.

Investment bank JPMorgan research also indicated a sharp deterioration in
China's smartphone demand in the fourth quarter of 2018, and said it expects
2019 to be another tough year for companies.

Fan Feifei contributed to this story.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

Customers check out products at an Apple store in Shenzhen, Guangdong
province.Provided To China Daily

(China Daily 01/12/2019 page5)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/96/154724697776.jpg

00221917e13e1da35b810f.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/25/154724697804.jpg

00221917e13e1da35b780e.jpg


                             444 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 12, 2019 Saturday

HEADLINE: Apple cuts some iPhone prices to retain edge

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Apple Inc has slashed the price of some its iPhone models by up to about 800
yuan ($118) for its channel partners in China after the United States tech giant
lowered its revenue forecast partly due to a weak performance in the country.

Firm looks to stay ahead of competition by making flagship devices affordable

Apple Inc has slashed the price of some its iPhone models by up to about 800
yuan ($118) for its channel partners in China after the United States tech giant
lowered its revenue forecast partly due to a weak performance in the country.

JD, a major e-commerce platform in China, said it has received notice from Apple
that the price of the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus will be reduced to 3,999 yuan
and 4,799 yuan respectively, about 600 yuan and 800 yuan less than before.

JD said the price cut became effective on Friday and it is not a short-term
promotion.

Suning, another online platform in the country, also said on Friday that it has
considerably cut the price of the iPhone XR and iPhone X. The 128 gigabyte
version of the iPhone XR, for instance, is now sold at 5,799 yuan, about 1,200
yuan less than the price on Apple's official online store.

The move came shortly after Apple slashed its revenue guidance to $84 billion
for the quarter ended Dec 29, down from earlier estimates of $89 billion to $93
billion. This is Apple's first revenue forecast cut in almost two decades.

Tim Cook, CEO of Apple, has attributed the decline to a variety of factors
including weakening demand from China and lower-than-expected sales of iPhones.
But analysts said the real reason could be the mounting competition from local
rivals such as Huawei Technologies Co Ltd.

Jia Mo, a research analyst with technology consultancy Canalys, said the high
price tag of Apple's latest handset risks losing mass-market consumers to local
smartphone vendors and making the California-based company a niche luxury brand
in China.

"In China, it is always the most expensive iPhone model that sells the best. But
less-expensive models or older models are losing to local brands' quality
smartphones," Jia added.

According to him, Apple can maintain its brand appeal among its hard-core fans,
and dominate the most high-end segment of smartphones priced above 6,000 yuan,
but its popularity among mass-market consumers is likely to be reduced.

The global smartphone market is contracting, with worldwide smartphone shipments
declining by 6 percent year-on-year in the third quarter of 2018, marking the
fourth straight quarter of drops, according to data from market research company
International Data Corp.

Investment bank JPMorgan research also indicated a sharp deterioration in
China's smartphone demand in the fourth quarter of 2018, and said it expects
2019 to be another tough year for companies.

Fan Feifei contributed to this story.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

Customers check out products at an Apple store in Shenzhen, Guangdong
province.Provided To China Daily

(China Daily 01/12/2019 page5)


                             445 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 11, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Semiconductor makers boosted by AI trend

BYLINE: He Wei in Shanghai

BODY:

The increasing commercialization of artificial intelligence is set to give China
a substantial boost in the global semiconductors field, say international
researchers.

Revenues from semiconductors manufactured in China will grow by 25 percent to
approximately $110 billion in 2019, as producers meet the increasing domestic
demand for chipsets, fueled in part by AI advances, said consultancy Deloitte
Global in an annual industry preview released on Tuesday.

A Chinese chip foundry will begin producing semiconductors specialized to
support AI and machine learning tasks, thanks to massive domestic demand and the
technological might of domestic tech giants, said Chris Arkenberg, a research
manager with Deloitte's Center for Technology, Media and Telecommunications.

"China is perhaps better positioned now than ever before to become a globally
competitive player in both semiconductors and AI ... because leading digital
businesses (in China) have signaled that greater domestic self-supply of
semiconductors is a vital component of their future," he said.

For instance, China's technology trio, namely Baidu, Alibaba and Tencent, hold
stakes in more than half of China's 124 unicorn startups, including SenseTime,
the world's most valuable pure-play AI company.

"They are spending and hiring aggressively to create onshore manufacturing
capabilities approaching those of the top global foundries," Arkenberg noted.

Beijing's Horizon Robotics, founded by the former head of Baidu's Institute of
Deep Learning, supplies embedded chips for machine vision and is working with
major automotive brands to provide edge processing with machine vision for
vehicles.

Another notable Chinese chip player, Cambricon, also has a line of chips
specializing in supporting machine learning tasks, contributing design support
for AI in Huawei's Kirin smartphone chipset and then delivering its own machine
learning solutions for data centers.

The massive troves of data in the Chinese market will help to improve the
precision and accuracy of algorithms, thus fueling the development of AI chips,
said Roger Chung, Deloitte Research TMT senior manager.

In announcing the decision to establish a dedicated chip company in October,
Zhang Jianfeng, chief technology officer of Alibaba, attributed the tech giant's
unique position to lead breakthroughs in chips to its "advantages in algorithm
and data intelligence".

AI is likely to become a springboard for China's semiconductors industry in the
long term, given the massive troves of data generated in various scenarios and
the relatively easier access to them, said Bill Lu, a Hong Kong-based managing
director in research at UBS.

"China's top internet players have the biggest command of consumer data and are
better positioned to bear the ever-increasing marginal costs to capture new
customers," Lu said.

Advances in AI are one of the driving forces for the global semiconductor
industry with an anticipated 5 to 6 percent growth rate over the next two
decades, said Morris Chang, founder of Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co, in
September.

hewei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/11/2019 page17)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/32/154716775101.jpg

a41f726b05111da229881d.jpg


                             446 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 11, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Xiaomi aims for the top spot in European market

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Chinese smartphone vendor Xiaomi Corp said on Thursday that it is aiming to be
the No 1 or 2 player of its kind in Europe, as it strives to expand its presence
in overseas markets amid mounting competition with rivals such as Huawei
Technologies Co Ltd.

Lei Jun, founder and CEO of Xiaomi, said: "At first, we want to become the No 1
or 2 smartphone vendor in one or two European countries. We have selected Spain
and France as our primary destinations."

Lei said he will personally make a trip to Europe in the first quarter of this
year to see how Xiaomi is doing in the highly competitive battlefield. The
Beijing-based company's smartphone shipments to Western Europe grew 386 percent
year-on-year in the third quarter of 2018, according to market research company
Canalys.

Lei's comments came as Xiaomi is stepping up its push to lure foreign consumers
as the China market reaches saturation point. From June to September, Xiaomi was
ranked as the fourth largest smartphone vendor in terms of smartphone shipments,
while its international revenue grew 112.7 percent year-on-year.

"Our products and services are now available in more than 80 countries and
regions. We also plan to enter Africa and the Middle East in the future," Lei
said.

Xiaomi on Thursday officially unveiled its new independent brand Redmi, which is
seen by analysts as a key way to compete with Honor, one of the two signature
brands of Huawei.

The Redmi brand is designed to make cost-effective smartphones while the Xiaomi
brand will focus on the higher-end segment, Lei said at the launch event.

Lu Weibing, former president of local smartphone vendor Gionee, is in charge of
Redmi's business. As of September 2018, a total of 278 million Redmi series
smartphones had been sold globally.

According to him, Xiaomi will ramp up its push to offer quality smartphones with
highly competitive prices and quality, and Redmi will also help drive its global
expansion.

Xiang Ligang, a telecom veteran and CEO of industry website Cctime, said the
global smartphone market has declined considerably, with 2019 being a quite
challenging year.

"Redmi is now already very popular in markets such as India, but more efforts
are needed in Europe where consumers prefer more premium devices," Xiang said.

Honor said earlier that it achieved 150 percent year-on-year growth in foreign
markets in 2018.

(China Daily 01/11/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/47/154716775360.jpg

a41f726b05111da228190d.jpg


                             447 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 11, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Temporary licenses for 5G get govt nod

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

The nation will grant temporary 5G licenses this year to promote the application
and construction of fifth-generation mobile communication technology, the
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the nation's top industry
regulator, said on Thursday.

Minister says that efforts will also be stepped up to develop related hardware

The nation will grant temporary 5G licenses this year to promote the application
and construction of fifth-generation mobile communication technology, the
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the nation's top industry
regulator, said on Thursday.

Minister of Industry and Information Technology Miao Wei said temporary 5G
licenses will be issued in a number of cities to enable the large-scale
construction of 5G networks in key cities and regions.

The ministry will also accelerate efforts to push forward the development of 5G
hardware, including smartphones, Miao said in an interview with China Central
Television on Thursday.

As part of its broader push to lead the global race toward commercializing 5G,
China will also expedite the use of the superfast technology in education,
medical care, elderlycare and other sectors, Miao added.

The comments came as China's big three telecom carriers are all starting
large-scale 5G trials and application tests. The state-of-the-art technology is
expected to be 10 times faster than 4G and will support superfast movie
downloads, self-driving cars and the streaming of virtual reality games.

China Mobile, the country's largest telecom carrier by mobile subscribers, said
in December that it is starting large-scale 5G trials and application tests in
17 cities, including Shanghai, Guangzhou and Hangzhou. China Unicom and China
Telecom are also working on similar trials after the government allocated
specific low and medium-frequency bands to them.

China is eyeing pre-commercial use of 5G this year and official
commercialization in 2020.

Fu Liang, an independent telecom analyst, said temporary licenses are exactly
what China's telecom industry needs.

"It is exciting news for telecom carriers, smartphone makers, mobile chip
designers and network builders, as it will accelerate the maturity of the whole
5G industry chain," Fu said.

China Mobile said in December that the first batch of 5G smartphones will be
priced above 8,000 yuan ($1,166). More than 30 precommercial 5G devices are
likely to hit the market in 2019.

According to the Beijing-based company, it will test the first batch of
prototype 5G smartphones made by Huawei, Xiaomi, ZTE, Vivo, and Oppo in the
first quarter of this year.

China Mobile also plans to set up a 30 billion yuan fund to promote industrywide
cooperation on 5G. China Mobile and other companies will jointly contribute to
the fund, the first phase of which will be 10 billion yuan.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/11/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/38/154716775715.jpg

a41f726b05111da227d50a.jpg


                             448 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 10, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Xiaomi shares continue plunge

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Xiaomi Corp's share price dropped 6.85 percent in Wednesday's trading, despite
its controlling shareholders pledging not to sell shares in the Chinese tech
company after a lock-up period expired.

Smartphone maker battling investor concern as market hits saturation point

Xiaomi Corp's share price dropped 6.85 percent in Wednesday's trading, despite
its controlling shareholders pledging not to sell shares in the Chinese tech
company after a lock-up period expired.

The Beijing-based smartphone vendor's shares hit a new low of HK$10.34($1.32) in
Hong Kong.

Earlier, Xiaomi said its CEO Lei Jun and other controlling shareholders
voluntarily agreed to not dispose of any shares for a further year, starting
from Jan 9.

The company said in a statement that the decision was made "for the purpose of
expressing their confidence in the long-term value of the company".

The shareholders that made the promise include Smart Mobile Holdings Ltd and
Smart Player Ltd.

The move came as about 19 percent of shares in the company, or more than 3
billion, opened to free trading on Wednesday, after a six-month lock-up period
expired following its IPO last year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.

Although Xiaomi is rapidly expanding in overseas markets, its shares have been
plummeting since its high-profile IPO on July 9, 2018, which set the offer price
at HK$17.

Shen Meng, director of boutique investment bank Chanson and Co, said the decline
shows investors dumped Xiaomi shares on Wednesday amid concern about future
growth opportunities, as the global smartphone market has hit saturation point.

In the third quarter of 2018, global smartphone shipments dropped 6 percent
year-on-year, marking the fourth consecutive quarter of declines, according to
market researcher International Data Corp.

Investment bank JPMorgan lowered its target price for Xiaomi to HK$10.5 from
HK$18 and downgraded its rating to "neutral" from "overweight" on Tuesday.

JPMorgan's research indicated a sharp deterioration in smartphone demand in
China in the fourth quarter of 2018. It forecast another challenging year in
2019.

With limited prospects for share gains, Xiaomi is likely to see growing downside
risk, with its core internet revenues in China, including advertising and
gaming, decelerating, despite some upside in smaller areas such as internet
finance, e-commerce and subscription services, JPMorgan said in a research note.

Xiang Ligang, CEO of industry website Cctime, said Xiaomi is also facing
mounting competition from rivals including Huawei Technologies Co Ltd in
overseas markets, despite its good performance in the third quarter.

"The situation will not be too good in 2019. In fact, the global smartphone
industry is likely to have a tough year," Xiang said.

Xiaomi, which is the fourth-largest smartphone vendor globally, said its
international revenue grew 112.7 percent year-on-year, contributing to a higher
percentage of total revenue from June to September 2018.

Its smartphone shipments to Western Europe grew 386 percent year-on-year,
according to market research company Canalys.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

Customers check out Xiaomi's products at one of its outlet stores in Shanghai.
Zhang Chenzhuo / For China Daily

(China Daily 01/10/2019 page16)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/91/154708128233.jpg

a41f726b05111da0c9bb0e.jpg


                             449 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 10, 2019 Thursday

HEADLINE: Chinese companies gain ground in patent stakes

BYLINE: Ouyang Shijia and Ma Si

BODY:

China has become the only country witnessing an increase in the number of
patents granted by the United States in 2018, according to a recent report from
leading global patent database IFI Claims Patent Services.

"Chinese companies, led by Huawei and BOE Technology, gained ground. In fact,
China was the only country in the top 10 to actually show an increase in US
patent activity; all other countries, including the US, saw declines," Larry
Cady, a senior analyst at IFI Claims Patent Services, said in a posted article
on technology blog Venture-Beat.

The report shows the US Patent & Trademark Office issued 308,853 utility grants
in 2018, a decline of 3.5 percent year-on-year.

Cady said the decline can be attributed to a decrease in published pre-grant
applications waiting to be approved by USPTO in 2016 and 2017, adding that the
number of grants will grow again in the next year or two.

The decline in utility grants affected all other regions of the world, while
China maintained growth last year, the report noted.

While Chinese companies' granted patents surged by 12 percent year-on-year to
12,589 in 2018, the total number still represents a small share. In 2018, China
only held 4 percent of US grants.

The US took the top spot in the 2018 rankings, holding a 46 percent share of
2018 grants, followed by Japan and South Korea with 16 percent and 6.5 percent
of US grants, respectively.

Notably, Shenzhen, Guangdong province-based technology giant Huawei had 16th
place in the 2018 rankings, gaining 1,680 granted patents. Beijing-based BOE
Technology ranked 17th in the list with 1,634 US patents.

Huawei has been investing heavily in research and development over the past
decade. In 2017, the Shenzhen-based company's research and development spending
reached around 11.33 billion euros ($12.9 billion), accounting for 14.7 percent
of its overall revenue.

Ren Zhengfei, founder and CEO of Huawei, once said in an internal letter that
without heavy input into basic science, there is no knowledge about the future
and the company will step up efforts to deepen cooperation between its in-house
R&D staff with global scientists.

A recent report released by PwC's strategy consulting business Strategy& said
that Chinese companies R&D spending increased by 34.4 percent in 2018 to total
$60.08 billion, marking the largest growth globally. The report is based on an
annual analysis of the 1,000 biggest global public companies by R&D spend.

Patrick Hui, PwC Chinese mainland and Hong Kong consulting partner, noted in the
report that due to the strategic move to gear up developing an innovation-driven
country, 20 more Chinese companies have made the Global Innovation 1,000 list
compared with 2017.

"As China forges ahead with its innovation-driven growth strategy, innovation
will become the top driving force for development," Hui added. "And R&D spending
has increased in all industries in China, especially in the software and
internet as well as industrial sectors."

Contact the writers at ouyangshijia@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/10/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/8/154708128396.jpg

a41f726b05111da0c8ff06.jpg


                             450 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 9, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Weak chip demand to dent Samsung earnings

BYLINE: Fan Feifei

BODY:

South Korean technology giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd estimated on Tuesday a
dramatic decline in its fourth-quarter earnings, amid falling demand in its
memory chip business as well as mounting competition from Chinese smartphone
makers.

The world's largest maker of smartphones and semiconductors predicted its
operating profit for the three months ended December was approximately 10.8
trillion won ($9.67 billion), down 29 percent from the same period a year
earlier.

Samsung's forecast came a week after its rival Apple Inc lowered its revenue
forecast for the first time in almost two decades, citing weakening demand and
lower-than-expected iPhone revenue in China as some of the factors.

The tech heavyweight said weaker-than-expected demand for memory chips from data
center customers led to a decline in shipments and a notable drop in memory chip
prices.

Samsung is currently the world's leading manufacturer of NAND flash memory chips
and DRAM chips, which provide devices with temporary workspaces and allow them
to multitask. The company produces memory chips for smartphones, computers and
many other devices.

Moreover, competition in the smartphone segment has intensified. Samsung saw a
13.4 percent year-over-year decline in global smartphone shipments in the third
quarter of 2018, according to International Data Corporation.

Despite being the world's largest smartphone manufacturer, Samsung's sales are
close to negligible in China. According to market research firm Counterpoint, in
the third quarter, Samsung sales accounted for 1 percent of the Chinese market.

Statistics also showed that Huawei Technologies Co Ltd continued to lead China's
smartphone market during the third quarter of last year, with a 23 percent
market share, followed by Vivo and Oppo, which account for 21 percent
respectively. Apple ranked fifth, taking up only 9 percent of the market share
in China.

Samsung said it expected to boost its prospects with foldable and 5G handsets,
relying on new technological advances to spark a turnaround.

"Samsung is losing its ground to Chinese rivals, such as Huawei and Xiaomi that
offer reasonably priced smartphones, not only in the domestic market, but also
in Southeast Asia and European countries," said Jia Mo, a research analyst with
technology consultancy Canalys.

Jia said the company should make more efforts in strengthening brand building,
as well as expanding offline and online retail channels. "The falling demand for
chips from Chinese smartphone makers has also led to a decline in the sales of
Samsung's chips," Jia added.

China's smartphone market continues to decline. According to China Academy of
Information and Communications Technology, smartphone shipments in the domestic
market declined 15.6 percent year-on-year in 2018.

Roger Sheng, research director at consultancy Gartner Inc, said Samsung should
design tailor-made smartphones for Chinese consumers and strengthen cooperation
with local content providers to offer products that capture the attention of the
younger generation.

"Fierce competition among local players in the mid-to-affordable premium market
has forced key local players to continuously improve their offerings and roll
out advanced features that are more akin to premium level smartphones," said
James Yan, research director at Counterpoint.

Last month, Samsung announced strategic adjustment in the Chinese market. Kwon
Gye-hyun, president of Samsung Electronics China operations, said innovative and
cutting-edge technologies will be deployed in Samsung's midrange smartphones.

fanfeifei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/09/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/14/154699493640.jpg

a41f726b05111d9f81cb07.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/63/154699493656.jpg

a41f726b05111d9f81cd08.jpg


                             451 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            January 8, 2019 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Huawei unveils high-performance CPU

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Huawei Technologies Co Ltd unveiled a high-performance chip for servers on
Monday as part of its broader push to expand presence in the semiconductor
sector.

The move also marks that Huawei has joined players including Qualcomm Inc to
build server chips based on the ARM architecture for data centers, a booming
market dominated by Intel's x86-based processors.

Huawei's ARM-based central processing unit, called Kunpeng 920, is designed to
better meet the exponentially growing demand for bigger computing capabilities
while slashing power consumption.

Visitors walk past the stall of Huawei Technologies Co Ltd at an industry expo
in Beijing. Reuters

Xu Wenwei, chief strategy marketing officer of Huawei, said no single
architecture can meet all computing demands and that the company aims to move
toward a more diversified computing power world.

"Kunpeng 920 is arguably the world's best high-performance ARM-based CPU," Xu
said. "From this moment on, the saying that ARM design can't offer strong
computing capabilities becomes invalid."

According to the company, the CPU will not be sold as a standalone product.
Instead, Huawei unveiled a string of TaiShan servers powered by the CPU on
Monday. These servers can be used for big data, distributed storage, and
ARM-native applications.

Based on ARM architecture, a design commonly used in smartphones and tablets,
Kunpeng 920's power efficiency is 30 percent better than that offered by
industry counterparts, which can greatly help reduce energy costs, Huawei said.

Power consumption accounts for around 30 to 50 percent of IT costs, Li Guanyu,
deputy head of the informatization and software service department at the
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, said in a public forum last
year.

"As demand for real-time data processing capabilities surges in the future, the
global industry desires high-efficiency, low-energy and low-cost servers," Li
added.

In 2017, the market volume of the global cloud computing industry reached around
$260 billion and that figure will exceed $410 billion in 2020, highlighting the
huge potential of the industry. The Chinese market is expected to grow at a
compound annual rate of 30 percent, according to market research company Gartner
Inc.

The move is part of Huawei's broader semiconductor ambitions. In October, the
Shenzhen-based company unveiled a range of artificial intelligence chips to
power its products and services. As the world's second largest smartphone
vendor, it also has long developed Kirin chips to drive high-end handsets.

Danny Mu, an analyst at market research company Forrester, said ARM-based chips
are for special businesses, which can serve as a good complement to Huawei's
computing scenarios. "More efforts are needed to cultivate ARM-based ecosystem,
including softwares and applications," Mu added.

Huawei said on Monday that it had sold more than 900,000 servers worldwide in
2018, bringing the total shipment in the past six years to 3.56 million units.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/08/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/97/154690853338.jpg

a41f726719b21d9e292d05.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/9/154690853356.jpg

a41f726719b21d9e293c06.jpg


                             452 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             January 7, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: As US adherent, Canada cannot gain much from trade with China

BYLINE: Li Qingsi

BODY:

As neighboring countries and close partners, Canada and the United States share
common interests in various fields. But despite that, the two countries'
relations have seen twists and turns, including trade disputes, recently.

The US administration has adjusted its foreign policy, making settling trade
disputes with other countries its priority. The US has been exerting enormous
pressure on most of its trade partners, including Canada. The US president even
took a jibe at Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau at the G7 Summit in
Quebec, Canada, in June, revealing the two leaders' tenuous personal
relationship.

The US economy is about 10 times the size of the Canadian economy, and
Washington has a dominant political and economic influence across the world. And
since Canada is highly dependent on the US economy, it even has to accept most
of the US' diplomatic demands.

For example, in the first quarter of 2018, Canada's exports to the US accounted
for 75.8 percent of its total export volume and imports from the US added up to
52.3 percent of its total imports. On the other hand, US exports to and imports
from Canada accounted for only 18.2 percent and 12.9 percent of its total
exports and imports. Which makes clear Canada's over-reliance on the US market.

Besides, the North American Free Trade Agreement was signed during the Bill
Clinton administration to promote common development of the US, Canada and
Mexico as their economies are complementary, setting an example for model
regional economic integration. But the incumbent US administration used its
overwhelming economic advantage to renegotiate NAFTA and forced Canada to agree
to open its dairy product market to the US dairy industries.

Notably, the new US-Mexico-Canada Agreement includes what many view as a "poison
pill" clause, which says that if one member country wants to reach a free trade
agreement with a non-market economy, its proposal should be agreed by the other
two members. This clause attempts to restrain the economic moves of Canada and
Mexico and subject them to the US' whims.

The US and Canada have close political ties and there is no border defense
between the two countries allowing people to move freely from one side to the
other. Since there is no hostile rival in the region, Canada relies on the US
for its national security, particularly within the NATO framework, and has
served the US global strategy. Although Canada has gained certain advantages on
some diplomatic issues, it has also paid a high price for allowing the US to
safeguard its national interests and rights. On many international relations
issues, Canada chose to side with the US, especially when it came to ideological
differences with developing countries. Last month, Canada even detained Huawei
senior executive Meng Wanzhou on the behest of the US, unwittingly becoming a
party to the China-US dispute.

But after Trump became the US president, US-Canada relations have not progressed
smoothly. The US not only imposed tariffs on Canadian steel and aluminum
products but also claimed Canada is a threat to the country's economy. Moreover,
the two countries have sovereignty issues over some islands, and Canada even
arrested five American fishermen for entering its waters. So US-Canada relations
now face unprecedented challenges.

By continuing to follow the US, either passively or actively, Canada will
eventually harm its national interests. The US can sacrifice the interests of
other countries, with the exception of perhaps Israel, for the "America First"
policy.

In international affairs, by following US policies, Canada could lose the trust
and cooperation of most developing countries. For instance, in the UN Human
Rights Council, Canada didn't understand the developing countries' specific and
special situations and thus lost their trust to some extent.

China is the largest export destination for Canada after the US. In fact, in
April 2018, Canadian exports to China exceeded those to the US thanks to an
increase of 23 percent. But, refusing to notice that trend, Canada acted as a
loyal adherent of the US in the Meng detention drama.

If Canada insists on following the old track, it may not benefit much from a big
trading partner like China.

The author is a professor on international studies at Renmin University of
China.

(China Daily 01/07/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/44/154682218139.jpg

00221917e13e1d9cdd3519.jpg


                             453 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             January 7, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Pushing pedal to the metal for more self-driving cars on roads

BYLINE: Li Fusheng

BODY:

China has set an ambitious goal for a third of new cars sold in 2020 to have
connectivity and self-driving features in an effort to fuel fast-evolving
changes in the automotive industry.

MIIT sets goals for connectivity and autonomous vehicles

China has set an ambitious goal for a third of new cars sold in 2020 to have
connectivity and self-driving features in an effort to fuel fast-evolving
changes in the automotive industry.

By 2020, at least 30 percent of new vehicles will feature advanced driving
assist systems that are classified as Level 2 autonomous driving, according to
an action plan the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology issued in
late December.

General Motors conducts a test on a model with V2X technology at the National
Intelligent Connected Vehicle (Shanghai) Pilot Zone. Hao Qing / For China Daily

General Motors is one of the first carmakers to develop the V2X technology in
China. Hao Qing / For China Daily

Level 2, in the six-level framework defined by the Society of Automotive
Engineers, refers to basic autonomous functions such as cruise control, lane
centering and semi-automatic parking.

In the plan, the ministry also expected large-scale use of highly autonomous
driving vehicles in specific scenarios by the end of the decade. At least 60
percent of new vehicles will have onboard connectivity in the same period.

After 2020, China hopes to have built a system for smart and connected vehicles,
covering aspects from technology and standards to infrastructure and service,
thus paving the way for gradual commercialized use of highly autonomous driving
and the 5G-V2X wireless communication technology.

The 5G-V2X, built on the 5th-generation cellular network, allows high-bandwidth,
low-latency, high-reliability communications of vehicles to other vehicles,
infrastructure and pedestrians.

The ministry said China is on the fast track in terms of smart and connected
vehicles, with an expanding scale and increasing innovations, but it admitted
that core technological breakthroughs are yet to be achieved and more
legislation needs to be put in place.

"We drafted the action plan to further boost the sector's continuously healthy
development, which will guide us to realize the goals phase by phase," said the
ministry.

According to the plan, China is expected to have built a technological system
capable of autonomous driving at Level 3 and above and developed abilities in
integrating and using reliable software and hardware by the end of the decade.

It would complete the sets of standards for testing smart and connected cars and
data sharing, both of which are crucial for the development and deployment of
such vehicles.

In terms of infrastructure, China will make Long-Term-Evolution-V2X wireless
communication technology, which is also known as the 4G-V2X, available on some
expressways and urban roads, and start to deploy demonstration projects
involving the 5G-V2X technology.

In addition to its own efforts, the country would like to conduct international
cooperation and exchanges in terms of smart and connected vehicles.

The ministry said in the action plan that globally leading companies are welcome
to build manufacturing as well as research and development facilities in China,
and Chinese ones are encouraged to make inroads into the global market. Many
carmakers are busy exploring connectivity and autonomous driving vehicles.

General Motors is one of the first carmakers to develop the V2X technology in
China.

Together with Tsinghua University and China's Changan Automobile, it helped
compile the country's first standard designed for the application layer, which
was released in 2017.

In the same year, the US carmaker demonstrated its vehicle-to-infrastructure
capabilities on public roads in Shanghai, showing the vehicle was able to
receive real-time data from traffic lights and thus help drivers control their
speed while cutting congestion.

Audi has been testing smart and connected vehicles in China with Huawei
Technologies and China Mobile.

At the World Internet of Things Exposition held in September 2018, it
demonstrated a number of V2X functions in Wuxi, Jiangsu province, on its
vehicles, which could adapt its speed or activate the warning light system in a
hazardous situation based on the traffic lights and road users' behaviors.

"Car-to-car and car-to-infrastructure functions expand the technological base,
enabling us to offer autonomous driving in China in the future," said Alexander
Pesch, head of automated driving at Audi China.

Audi is also the first and only international carmaker to obtain licenses to
test autonomous driving in two Chinese cities: Wuxi and Beijing.

Late last year, Chinese carmaker Changan announced that all its models produced
from 2020 will have connectivity features, and Level 4 autonomous driving will
become available around 2025.

lifusheng@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/07/2019 page18)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/64/154682219264.jpg

a41f726719b21d9cd74a17.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/69/154682219275.jpg

a41f726719b21d9cd75918.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/86/154682219284.jpg

a41f726719b21d9cd76a1b.jpg


                             454 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             January 7, 2019 Monday

HEADLINE: Pushing pedal to the metal for more self-driving cars on roads

BYLINE: Li Fusheng

BODY:

China has set an ambitious goal for a third of new cars sold in 2020 to have
connectivity and self-driving features in an effort to fuel fast-evolving
changes in the automotive industry.

MIIT sets goals for connectivity and autonomous vehicles

China has set an ambitious goal for a third of new cars sold in 2020 to have
connectivity and self-driving features in an effort to fuel fast-evolving
changes in the automotive industry.

By 2020, at least 30 percent of new vehicles will feature advanced driving
assist systems that are classified as Level 2 autonomous driving, according to
an action plan the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology issued in
late December.

General Motors conducts a test on a model with V2X technology at the National
Intelligent Connected Vehicle (Shanghai) Pilot Zone. Hao Qing / For China Daily

General Motors is one of the first carmakers to develop the V2X technology in
China. Hao Qing / For China Daily

Level 2, in the six-level framework defined by the Society of Automotive
Engineers, refers to basic autonomous functions such as cruise control, lane
centering and semi-automatic parking.

In the plan, the ministry also expected large-scale use of highly autonomous
driving vehicles in specific scenarios by the end of the decade. At least 60
percent of new vehicles will have onboard connectivity in the same period.

After 2020, China hopes to have built a system for smart and connected vehicles,
covering aspects from technology and standards to infrastructure and service,
thus paving the way for gradual commercialized use of highly autonomous driving
and the 5G-V2X wireless communication technology.

The 5G-V2X, built on the 5th-generation cellular network, allows high-bandwidth,
low-latency, high-reliability communications of vehicles to other vehicles,
infrastructure and pedestrians.

The ministry said China is on the fast track in terms of smart and connected
vehicles, with an expanding scale and increasing innovations, but it admitted
that core technological breakthroughs are yet to be achieved and more
legislation needs to be put in place.

"We drafted the action plan to further boost the sector's continuously healthy
development, which will guide us to realize the goals phase by phase," said the
ministry.

According to the plan, China is expected to have built a technological system
capable of autonomous driving at Level 3 and above and developed abilities in
integrating and using reliable software and hardware by the end of the decade.

It would complete the sets of standards for testing smart and connected cars and
data sharing, both of which are crucial for the development and deployment of
such vehicles.

In terms of infrastructure, China will make Long-Term-Evolution-V2X wireless
communication technology, which is also known as the 4G-V2X, available on some
expressways and urban roads, and start to deploy demonstration projects
involving the 5G-V2X technology.

In addition to its own efforts, the country would like to conduct international
cooperation and exchanges in terms of smart and connected vehicles.

The ministry said in the action plan that globally leading companies are welcome
to build manufacturing as well as research and development facilities in China,
and Chinese ones are encouraged to make inroads into the global market. Many
carmakers are busy exploring connectivity and autonomous driving vehicles.

General Motors is one of the first carmakers to develop the V2X technology in
China.

Together with Tsinghua University and China's Changan Automobile, it helped
compile the country's first standard designed for the application layer, which
was released in 2017.

In the same year, the US carmaker demonstrated its vehicle-to-infrastructure
capabilities on public roads in Shanghai, showing the vehicle was able to
receive real-time data from traffic lights and thus help drivers control their
speed while cutting congestion.

Audi has been testing smart and connected vehicles in China with Huawei
Technologies and China Mobile.

At the World Internet of Things Exposition held in September 2018, it
demonstrated a number of V2X functions in Wuxi, Jiangsu province, on its
vehicles, which could adapt its speed or activate the warning light system in a
hazardous situation based on the traffic lights and road users' behaviors.

"Car-to-car and car-to-infrastructure functions expand the technological base,
enabling us to offer autonomous driving in China in the future," said Alexander
Pesch, head of automated driving at Audi China.

Audi is also the first and only international carmaker to obtain licenses to
test autonomous driving in two Chinese cities: Wuxi and Beijing.

Late last year, Chinese carmaker Changan announced that all its models produced
from 2020 will have connectivity features, and Level 4 autonomous driving will
become available around 2025.

lifusheng@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/07/2019 page18)


                             455 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                             January 4, 2019 Friday

HEADLINE: Apple cites China sales in forecast revenue fall

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Apple Inc lowered its revenue forecast for the first time in almost two decades,
amid fewer upgrades to its flagship iPhone and weak performance in China as it
faces rising competition from Huawei Technologies Co.

Tim Cook, CEO of Apple, said in a letter to investors that the US tech giant
slashed its revenue guidance to $84 billion for the quarter ended Dec 29, down
from earlier estimates of $89 billion to $93 billion.

The new forecast is lower than the California-based company's sales of $88.3
billion a year ago, marking its first holiday quarter slowdown since Cook became
CEO in 2011.

Cook attributed the decline to a variety of factors including weakening demand
from China and lower-than-expected sales of iPhones.

iPhones account for about two-thirds of Apple's overall revenue.

"In fact, most of our revenue shortfall to our guidance, and over 100 percent of
our year-over-year worldwide revenue decline, occurred in China across iPhone,
Mac and iPad," Cook said in the letter.

He said the effects of trade tensions between China and the United States also
appeared to influence consumers, with traffic to its retail stores and partners
in China plummeting.

Jia Mo, a research analyst with technology consultancy Canalys, said Apple's
failure to meet the original forecast is a complex result of the macroeconomic
situation, competition from Chinese players and the US company's missteps in
pricing strategy.

"China's smartphone market is forecast to drop 12 percent in 2018, which
definitely weighed on all vendors, but it is worth noting that even within such
a tough situation, Chinese players Huawei, Xiaomi Corp, and Vivo all managed to
maintain growth in the first nine months of last year. In the same time frame,
Apple, however, dived 12 percent," Jia said.

He said the high price of Apple's latest handset risks losing mass-market
consumers to rivals and making Apple a niche brand in China.

On Wednesday, Apple shares went down as much as 8.5 percent in extended trading.
Its suppliers also tumbled on Thursday, with the main iPhone assembler, Hon Hai
Precision Industry Co, falling up to 2 percent.

The news came shortly after Huawei overtook Apple as the world's second-largest
smartphone vendor, with the former shipping over 200 million handsets worldwide
in 2018.

Zhang Wentao, a 26-year-old bank employee in Beijing, recently changed his
iPhone 8 for a Huawei Mate 20. "Huawei has better photography functions at a
more affordable price. I see no reason why I still have to buy iPhone."

Xiang Ligang, a telecom veteran and CEO of industry website Cctime, said the
most expensive model of iPhone tends to sell the best in China, but its
less-expensive models are losing to local alternatives that are making steady
improvements in both hardware and software.

China Merchants Securities Co said in a research note that it expects Apple to
sell some 60 million to 70 million smartphones in the fourth quarter of 2018 and
38 million to 45 million in the first quarter of 2019, lower than previously
forecast.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/04/2019 page1)


                             456 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 2, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: AI tech improves quality of urban life

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Driving in a Chinese metropolis is never easy. In cities like Shenzhen,
Guangdong province, for example, more than 500 vehicles vie for space in a
square kilometer. But, of late, local drivers are finding that traffic lights
are becoming smarter and making their daily trips more pleasant.

Huawei's new platform makes daily tasks more efficient amid rise of a $400
billion smart city industry

Driving in a Chinese metropolis is never easy. In cities like Shenzhen,
Guangdong province, for example, more than 500 vehicles vie for space in a
square kilometer. But, of late, local drivers are finding that traffic lights
are becoming smarter and making their daily trips more pleasant.

Liu Chang, a software engineer who drives to work every day across the Bantian
area, said: "Previously, I had to wait for several minutes at crossroads, with
my eyes glued to traffic lights and feeling that centuries have passed before I
move. But now I can go through key intersections within seconds."

The secret to this dramatic improvement lies in a string of artificial
intelligence-enabled cameras and a digital platform co-built by the local police
and Huawei Technologies Co Ltd.

The AI-powered cameras, installed near traffic lights, can see 200 objects in
four lanes. The platform, functioning as "a brain", can adjust traffic lights in
accordance with queuing vehicles and weather conditions. All these tasks are
accomplished in real time.

Li Qiang, director of transportation technology at the Shenzhen Municipal Public
Security Bureau, said the platform can also assist with traffic management by
auto-matically identifying whether people are wearing seatbelts or making phone
calls while driving.

With the platform put into use on certain road sections of Shenzhen, the traffic
flow has improved 8 percent, with the average vehicle speed surging by 15
percent, he said.

The transportation solution is part of a broader push by Huawei to build a smart
digital platform that provides a real-time navigable digital model of a city to
make urban living better and more efficient.

By leveraging AI, cloud computing, the internet of things and other cutting-edge
technologies, Huawei aims to turn the idea of a smart city into reality.

Yan Lida, president of the enterprise business group at Huawei, said: "It is a
highly sophisticated process to integrate the physical world with the digital
world, which is in dire need of well-orchestrated support from a wide range of
technologies.

"Huawei aims to construct the essential and fundamental platform, or the soil,
for all partners to thrive, and to bring in all their capacities so as to help
drive digital transformation forward."

According to Yan, with more than 16,000 partners around the world, Huawei will
step up its push to construct an open platform and lure more companies in.

Huawei's intensified push into the smart city arena came as a string of tech
heavyweights such as Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, Tencent Holdings Ltd and Baidu
Inc are upping their ante too.

A McKinsey research report forecast that the global smart city industry covering
600 cities worldwide is projected to spawn a $400 billion market by 2020. These
cities are expected to generate 60 percent of the world's GDP by 2025.

"In comparison with rival products, our platform's edge lies in our full-stack
of technology support, the capacity to serve all industries and our open
attitude toward all partners," said Lu Qi, president of marketing and sales at
Huawei's enterprise business group.

Different from most players that focus only on offering the platform as a
service, or PaaS, Huawei has a sprawling presence across hardware,
infrastructure as a service, and PaaS.

The company is also in a good position to serve all sectors, with a focus on
public governance, transportation, finance, energy and manufacturing at the
moment, Lu said.

According to him, clients who choose Huawei's platform have a choice to adopt
technological solutions for specific application scenarios from other companies.
Such freedom has enabled Huawei to stand out from the competition.

In October, the Shenzhen-based company announced it was partnering the Tianjin
municipal government to build a smart platform, or digital twin, for the Binhai
New Area.

The platform will be able to help government officials deal with daily routines
related to tasks like reducing unemployment, and emergencies including floods
and fires.

"Huawei has helped us design over 4,000 parameters such as education indexes and
health indexes to gauge the status of urban citizens. Based on these data, we
will develop a slew of models to conduct intensive data analysis, which will
allow officials to predict what will happen and how to respond to them," said
Chen Song, an official in Tianjin in charge of smart city construction for the
Binhai New Area.

"Without a good platform, it is impossible to coordinate and integrate mounting
cross-system resources. Huawei's full package of products has put it in a good
position to help us build such a platform," he said.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

Visitors learn about the city big data management system at the Huawei stand
during the Fourth China Smart City International Expo 2018 in Shenzhen,
Guangdong province, on Aug 21, 2018. China News Service

(China Daily 01/02/2019 page15)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/23/154639018832.jpg

a41f726b05111d9642350b.jpg


                             457 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 2, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Tech giant Samsung shifts its focus to emerging fields

BYLINE: Fan Feifei

BODY:

South Korean technology giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd is adjusting its
strategy in China as it has closed one of its smartphone manufacturing plants in
Tianjin and plans to invest $2.4 billion to build new battery and capacitor
plants in the city, in order to shore up its business in China.

Industry insiders said the tech heavyweight has faced pressure from local
competitors that offer reasonably priced smartphones, and the choice to close
its plant in Tianjin and expand its presence in the core components and industry
chain will be a significant shift for Samsung in China.

They added that the new plant shows Samsung's confidence to invest in Tianjin,
and apart from mobile phone business, the company owns many competitive
products, such as chips, capacitors, batteries and display screens in the
world's largest smartphone market.

Samsung said in a statement that as part of ongoing efforts to enhance
efficiency in production facilities, it had arrived at the difficult decision to
close the manufacturing plant in Tianjin.

The plant, which currently employs around 2,600 workers, was scheduled to be
closed by the end of last year. The company said it would offer compensation
packages to the employees and also provide opportunities for them to transfer to
other Samsung facilities.

Media reports said Samsung ended production in Shenzhen, Guangdong province, in
April. The company said it would continue to operate another Chinese smartphone
factory in Huizhou, which is also in Guangdong province.

Despite being the world's biggest smartphone maker, Samsung's sales are close to
negligible in China. According to market consultancy Strategy Analytics, in the
second quarter, Samsung sales made up less than 1 percent of the Chinese market.

Statistics from market research firm International Data Corp showed that Huawei
Technologies Co Ltd continued to lead China's smartphone market during the third
quarter of this year, with a 24.6 percent market share, followed by Vivo and
Oppo. However, Samsung is losing most ground on mid-range and cheaper
smartphones.

Samsung has shifted its attention to emerging businesses such as batteries and
other electronic components in China. Its $2.4 billion investment in Tianjin
will be used to expand power battery lines and establish a multi-layer ceramics
capacitors factory for automotive electronics in the city, according to the
Tianjin municipal government.

Samsung SDI, a storage battery maker, will invest $800 million in the battery
project which is expected to cover 100,000 square meters. The batteries will
mainly be used in energy storage systems, electric cars and electric tools.

Wang Jingbin, director of the management school at Tianjin University of
Technology, said: "Samsung has an upper hand in chips, capacitors, batteries and
display screens, apart from its smartphone business."

Its shift to core components is of great significance and would create more
value, said Wang, adding that automotive electronics devices will be a new
direction for the company.

"Samsung still lags behind its local competitors in smartphone sales and should
make more efforts to strengthen brand building, as well as expanding offline and
online retail channels," said Jia Mo, a research analyst with technology
consultancy Canalys.

fanfeifei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/02/2019 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/25/154639018872.jpg

a41f726b05111d9641cf05.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/64/154639018885.jpg

a41f726b05111d9641d406.jpg


                             458 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 2, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Reconciling growth and national security

BYLINE: Andrew Sheng and Xiao Geng

BODY:

At a conference last month to commemorate the 40th anniversary of reform and
opening-up, President Xi Jinping underscored the tension between the
continuation of that process and the imperative of protecting national security.
Xi recognized that "China cannot develop itself in isolation from the world, and
the world needs China for global prosperity." Yet he also emphasized that "no
one is in a position to dictate to the Chinese people" what should or should not
be done.

There is no doubt the world-especially the United States - has lately been
trying hard to pressure China to make changes. The White House triggering the
trade conflict and justifying it in national security terms is the most potent
example. Worse, on Dec 1, the same day that Xi and US President Donald Trump
struck a 90-day trade truce, Meng Wanzhou, chief financial officer of Chinese
tech giant Huawei, was detained in Canada at the behest of the US.

While the US Justice Department has not clarified the reason for asking the
Canadian authorities to detain Meng, it appears to relate to US suspicions that
Huawei has violated US sanctions against Iran. But it also likely reflects the
technological dimension of the escalating economic and geopolitical competition
between the US and China.

Chilling US signal to financial markets

In any case, the possibility of unexpected restrictions or sanctions on
businesses or individuals, imposed in the name of national security, sharply
increases the risks faced by Chinese, American, and other businesses. This sends
a chilling signal to financial markets.

There is good reason to hope that China can weather the challenges ahead. After
all, it has endured serious internal and external shocks including the high
domestic inflation in the 1980s, the Asian financial crisis of the 1990s, and
the 2008 global financial crisis.

In fact, China turned these crises into opportunities. The result has been an
average annual GDP growth of 9.5 percent (compared to a 2.9 percent global
average) since 1978, which raised China's share of global GDP from 1.8 percent
to 18.2 percent and lifted more than 740 million people in China out of poverty.

As Xi emphasized in his speech, this success reflects the hard work of the
Chinese people, the innovative practices of Chinese businesses, and the
leadership of the Communist Party of China.

The risk today is that the US' increasingly hardline "America First" approach
will strengthen China's own hardliners, leading to a chain reaction that would
be bad for all.

Fear of downward trend increasing

Such a chain reaction would include a negative downward spiral in global trade
and investment dynamics. Rising trade tensions are already increasing the
chances of a synchronized global recession, with slower growth in the US, China,
and Europe in 2019. Besides, resistance to China's Belt and Road
Initiative-which has also been demonized by some US national security
hawks-could choke off one of the world's few sources of finance for much-needed
infrastructure and public goods, particularly in developing countries.

China now faces a dilemma. To minimize China's vulnerability to external
hostility, the authorities may need to rethink some elements of their domestic
reform agenda. From a national security (and public goods) perspective,
maintaining a strong State sector, emphasizing debt financing and strengthening
the CPC's leadership make more sense. But, to ensure quality growth, China must
continue working to boost private businesses, expand equity financing and
advance decentralization, thereby spurring competition, innovation and job
creation.

Xi hopes to balance these imperatives by doubling down on China's growth model
with Chinese characteristics, incorporating lessons from Chinese philosophy and
history. This means consolidating the Party's leadership, contrary to the US'
wish, in order to maintain a pragmatic, flexible and strategic approach to
manage systemic risks, and address internal concerns and external threats.

Domestically, the Chinese government will aim to support development that
emphasizes boosting productivity and thus delivering innovative, coordinated,
green, open and inclusive growth. On the international front, Xi plans to
maintain a responsible foreign policy aimed at inclusive global development and
resisting hegemony by any single actor.

In short, Xi will uphold China's tried-and-tested, deeply pragmatic approach to
modernization. Like so many of his predecessors, but unlike many in the West, Xi
understands that there is no simple, onetime solution to the challenges ahead.
As he put it at the 40th anniversary conference, "We must resolutely reform what
should and can be changed, we must resolutely not reform what shouldn't and
can't be changed."

China seems ready for realistic reforms. Is the US ready for a pragmatic deal?

Andrew Sheng is a distinguished fellow at the Asia Global Institute at the
University of Hong Kong and a member of the UNEP Advisory Council on Sustainable
Finance. And Xiao Geng, president of the Hong Kong Institution for International
Finance, is a professor at Peking University HSBC Business School and at the
University of Hong Kong's Faculty of Business and Economics.

Project Syndicate

(China Daily 01/02/2019 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/27/154639019147.jpg

a41f726719b21d96432e1d.jpg


                             459 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 2, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: AI tech improves quality of urban life

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Driving in a Chinese metropolis is never easy. In cities like Shenzhen,
Guangdong province, for example, more than 500 vehicles vie for space in a
square kilometer. But, of late, local drivers are finding that traffic lights
are becoming smarter and making their daily trips more pleasant.

Huawei's new platform makes daily tasks more efficient amid rise of a $400
billion smart city industry

Driving in a Chinese metropolis is never easy. In cities like Shenzhen,
Guangdong province, for example, more than 500 vehicles vie for space in a
square kilometer. But, of late, local drivers are finding that traffic lights
are becoming smarter and making their daily trips more pleasant.

Liu Chang, a software engineer who drives to work every day across the Bantian
area, said: "Previously, I had to wait for several minutes at crossroads, with
my eyes glued to traffic lights and feeling that centuries have passed before I
move. But now I can go through key intersections within seconds."

The secret to this dramatic improvement lies in a string of artificial
intelligence-enabled cameras and a digital platform co-built by the local police
and Huawei Technologies Co Ltd.

The AI-powered cameras, installed near traffic lights, can see 200 objects in
four lanes. The platform, functioning as "a brain", can adjust traffic lights in
accordance with queuing vehicles and weather conditions. All these tasks are
accomplished in real time.

Li Qiang, director of transportation technology at the Shenzhen Municipal Public
Security Bureau, said the platform can also assist with traffic management by
auto-matically identifying whether people are wearing seatbelts or making phone
calls while driving.

With the platform put into use on certain road sections of Shenzhen, the traffic
flow has improved 8 percent, with the average vehicle speed surging by 15
percent, he said.

The transportation solution is part of a broader push by Huawei to build a smart
digital platform that provides a real-time navigable digital model of a city to
make urban living better and more efficient.

By leveraging AI, cloud computing, the internet of things and other cutting-edge
technologies, Huawei aims to turn the idea of a smart city into reality.

Yan Lida, president of the enterprise business group at Huawei, said: "It is a
highly sophisticated process to integrate the physical world with the digital
world, which is in dire need of well-orchestrated support from a wide range of
technologies.

"Huawei aims to construct the essential and fundamental platform, or the soil,
for all partners to thrive, and to bring in all their capacities so as to help
drive digital transformation forward."

According to Yan, with more than 16,000 partners around the world, Huawei will
step up its push to construct an open platform and lure more companies in.

Huawei's intensified push into the smart city arena came as a string of tech
heavyweights such as Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, Tencent Holdings Ltd and Baidu
Inc are upping their ante too.

A McKinsey research report forecast that the global smart city industry covering
600 cities worldwide is projected to spawn a $400 billion market by 2020. These
cities are expected to generate 60 percent of the world's GDP by 2025.

"In comparison with rival products, our platform's edge lies in our full-stack
of technology support, the capacity to serve all industries and our open
attitude toward all partners," said Lu Qi, president of marketing and sales at
Huawei's enterprise business group.

Different from most players that focus only on offering the platform as a
service, or PaaS, Huawei has a sprawling presence across hardware,
infrastructure as a service, and PaaS.

The company is also in a good position to serve all sectors, with a focus on
public governance, transportation, finance, energy and manufacturing at the
moment, Lu said.

According to him, clients who choose Huawei's platform have a choice to adopt
technological solutions for specific application scenarios from other companies.
Such freedom has enabled Huawei to stand out from the competition.

In October, the Shenzhen-based company announced it was partnering the Tianjin
municipal government to build a smart platform, or digital twin, for the Binhai
New Area.

The platform will be able to help government officials deal with daily routines
related to tasks like reducing unemployment, and emergencies including floods
and fires.

"Huawei has helped us design over 4,000 parameters such as education indexes and
health indexes to gauge the status of urban citizens. Based on these data, we
will develop a slew of models to conduct intensive data analysis, which will
allow officials to predict what will happen and how to respond to them," said
Chen Song, an official in Tianjin in charge of smart city construction for the
Binhai New Area.

"Without a good platform, it is impossible to coordinate and integrate mounting
cross-system resources. Huawei's full package of products has put it in a good
position to help us build such a platform," he said.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

Visitors learn about the city big data management system at the Huawei stand
during the Fourth China Smart City International Expo 2018 in Shenzhen,
Guangdong province, on Aug 21, 2018. China News Service

(China Daily 01/02/2019 page15)


                             460 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 2, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Tech giant Samsung shifts its focus to emerging fields

BYLINE: Fan Feifei

BODY:

South Korean technology giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd is adjusting its
strategy in China as it has closed one of its smartphone manufacturing plants in
Tianjin and plans to invest $2.4 billion to build new battery and capacitor
plants in the city, in order to shore up its business in China.

Industry insiders said the tech heavyweight has faced pressure from local
competitors that offer reasonably priced smartphones, and the choice to close
its plant in Tianjin and expand its presence in the core components and industry
chain will be a significant shift for Samsung in China.

They added that the new plant shows Samsung's confidence to invest in Tianjin,
and apart from mobile phone business, the company owns many competitive
products, such as chips, capacitors, batteries and display screens in the
world's largest smartphone market.

Samsung said in a statement that as part of ongoing efforts to enhance
efficiency in production facilities, it had arrived at the difficult decision to
close the manufacturing plant in Tianjin.

The plant, which currently employs around 2,600 workers, was scheduled to be
closed by the end of last year. The company said it would offer compensation
packages to the employees and also provide opportunities for them to transfer to
other Samsung facilities.

Media reports said Samsung ended production in Shenzhen, Guangdong province, in
April. The company said it would continue to operate another Chinese smartphone
factory in Huizhou, which is also in Guangdong province.

Despite being the world's biggest smartphone maker, Samsung's sales are close to
negligible in China. According to market consultancy Strategy Analytics, in the
second quarter, Samsung sales made up less than 1 percent of the Chinese market.

Statistics from market research firm International Data Corp showed that Huawei
Technologies Co Ltd continued to lead China's smartphone market during the third
quarter of this year, with a 24.6 percent market share, followed by Vivo and
Oppo. However, Samsung is losing most ground on mid-range and cheaper
smartphones.

Samsung has shifted its attention to emerging businesses such as batteries and
other electronic components in China. Its $2.4 billion investment in Tianjin
will be used to expand power battery lines and establish a multi-layer ceramics
capacitors factory for automotive electronics in the city, according to the
Tianjin municipal government.

Samsung SDI, a storage battery maker, will invest $800 million in the battery
project which is expected to cover 100,000 square meters. The batteries will
mainly be used in energy storage systems, electric cars and electric tools.

Wang Jingbin, director of the management school at Tianjin University of
Technology, said: "Samsung has an upper hand in chips, capacitors, batteries and
display screens, apart from its smartphone business."

Its shift to core components is of great significance and would create more
value, said Wang, adding that automotive electronics devices will be a new
direction for the company.

"Samsung still lags behind its local competitors in smartphone sales and should
make more efforts to strengthen brand building, as well as expanding offline and
online retail channels," said Jia Mo, a research analyst with technology
consultancy Canalys.

fanfeifei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 01/02/2019 page13)


                             461 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2019 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           January 2, 2019 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Reconciling growth and national security

BYLINE: Andrew Sheng and Xiao Geng

BODY:

At a conference last month to commemorate the 40th anniversary of reform and
opening-up, President Xi Jinping underscored the tension between the
continuation of that process and the imperative of protecting national security.
Xi recognized that "China cannot develop itself in isolation from the world, and
the world needs China for global prosperity." Yet he also emphasized that "no
one is in a position to dictate to the Chinese people" what should or should not
be done.

There is no doubt the world-especially the United States - has lately been
trying hard to pressure China to make changes. The White House triggering the
trade conflict and justifying it in national security terms is the most potent
example. Worse, on Dec 1, the same day that Xi and US President Donald Trump
struck a 90-day trade truce, Meng Wanzhou, chief financial officer of Chinese
tech giant Huawei, was detained in Canada at the behest of the US.

While the US Justice Department has not clarified the reason for asking the
Canadian authorities to detain Meng, it appears to relate to US suspicions that
Huawei has violated US sanctions against Iran. But it also likely reflects the
technological dimension of the escalating economic and geopolitical competition
between the US and China.

Chilling US signal to financial markets

In any case, the possibility of unexpected restrictions or sanctions on
businesses or individuals, imposed in the name of national security, sharply
increases the risks faced by Chinese, American, and other businesses. This sends
a chilling signal to financial markets.

There is good reason to hope that China can weather the challenges ahead. After
all, it has endured serious internal and external shocks including the high
domestic inflation in the 1980s, the Asian financial crisis of the 1990s, and
the 2008 global financial crisis.

In fact, China turned these crises into opportunities. The result has been an
average annual GDP growth of 9.5 percent (compared to a 2.9 percent global
average) since 1978, which raised China's share of global GDP from 1.8 percent
to 18.2 percent and lifted more than 740 million people in China out of poverty.

As Xi emphasized in his speech, this success reflects the hard work of the
Chinese people, the innovative practices of Chinese businesses, and the
leadership of the Communist Party of China.

The risk today is that the US' increasingly hardline "America First" approach
will strengthen China's own hardliners, leading to a chain reaction that would
be bad for all.

Fear of downward trend increasing

Such a chain reaction would include a negative downward spiral in global trade
and investment dynamics. Rising trade tensions are already increasing the
chances of a synchronized global recession, with slower growth in the US, China,
and Europe in 2019. Besides, resistance to China's Belt and Road
Initiative-which has also been demonized by some US national security
hawks-could choke off one of the world's few sources of finance for much-needed
infrastructure and public goods, particularly in developing countries.

China now faces a dilemma. To minimize China's vulnerability to external
hostility, the authorities may need to rethink some elements of their domestic
reform agenda. From a national security (and public goods) perspective,
maintaining a strong State sector, emphasizing debt financing and strengthening
the CPC's leadership make more sense. But, to ensure quality growth, China must
continue working to boost private businesses, expand equity financing and
advance decentralization, thereby spurring competition, innovation and job
creation.

Xi hopes to balance these imperatives by doubling down on China's growth model
with Chinese characteristics, incorporating lessons from Chinese philosophy and
history. This means consolidating the Party's leadership, contrary to the US'
wish, in order to maintain a pragmatic, flexible and strategic approach to
manage systemic risks, and address internal concerns and external threats.

Domestically, the Chinese government will aim to support development that
emphasizes boosting productivity and thus delivering innovative, coordinated,
green, open and inclusive growth. On the international front, Xi plans to
maintain a responsible foreign policy aimed at inclusive global development and
resisting hegemony by any single actor.

In short, Xi will uphold China's tried-and-tested, deeply pragmatic approach to
modernization. Like so many of his predecessors, but unlike many in the West, Xi
understands that there is no simple, onetime solution to the challenges ahead.
As he put it at the 40th anniversary conference, "We must resolutely reform what
should and can be changed, we must resolutely not reform what shouldn't and
can't be changed."

China seems ready for realistic reforms. Is the US ready for a pragmatic deal?

Andrew Sheng is a distinguished fellow at the Asia Global Institute at the
University of Hong Kong and a member of the UNEP Advisory Council on Sustainable
Finance. And Xiao Geng, president of the Hong Kong Institution for International
Finance, is a professor at Peking University HSBC Business School and at the
University of Hong Kong's Faculty of Business and Economics.

Project Syndicate

(China Daily 01/02/2019 page9)


                             462 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 29, 2018 Saturday

HEADLINE: Karsts, kiwifruit and big data.

BYLINE: Erik Nilsson

BODY:

I recently used an app to water a mountainside kiwi field in Guizhou's
Shuicheng. A few taps on a phone and the taps of the sprinkler systems started
spurting.

Guizhou has transformed its notoriously juddering terrain from a bane into a
boon. Turns out, tricky geology can advance technology, Erik Nilsson discovers.

Editor's Note: This is Part 3 of the six-part Yangtze diaries series based on
journalist Erik Nilsson's recent 35-day, 2,000-kilometer journey to 11 cities to
discover how the Yangtze River Economic Belt has transformed over the 40 years
since the reform and opening-up. Scan the code to watch the video.

I recently used an app to water a mountainside kiwi field in Guizhou's
Shuicheng. A few taps on a phone and the taps of the sprinkler systems started
spurting.

A bird's-eye view of Shuicheng, Guizhou province. Photos by China Daily New
Media Center

It was one of several experiences that showed me how topographically treacherous
Guizhou - one of China's poorest provinces for time immemorial - is turning its
geological disadvantages into technological advantages.

Turns out, big data has climate preferences - cool and stable - and is averse to
seismic twitchiness.

And Guizhou's karsts, which have long stood as obstacles to its development,
sire ideal conditions for data storage.

Much of this is concentrated around the capital, Guiyang - aka, the "city of
eternal spring". The city has an average temperature of 22 C and rarely
registers anything beyond magnitude-3 tremors.

So, China selected Guizhou as the site of the country's first comprehensive big
data experimental zone.

Big data has contributed over 20 percent of Guizhou's annual growth from 2014 to
the end of 2017.

I visited a park with 29 buildings that house 60,000 cabinets and 800,000
servers. It hosts data centers for such telecom giants as China Telecom, China
Mobile and China Unicom. Huawei's data center is under construction.

The porous, melted-limestone landscapes are pocked with a honeycomb of caves
particularly ideal for data hardware.

One of the centers is contained in a man-made tunnel connecting two mountains.
Its natural ventilation saves energy, my guide told me.

The park includes a district in which the province has concentrated its major
universities to cultivate talent for the industry.

It's also producing the semiconductors used to store and process big data -
"like the neurons in a giant brain", as one producer put it.

Thus, Guizhou's otherwise-hazardous topography has led to an explosion of big
data's development in the province and throughout the country.

The app I used at the 400-hectare agricultural-technology-demonstration park
built in Shuicheng six years ago operates according to a big data system adopted
last year.

Sensors monitor such conditions as sunlight, moisture, nutrition, temperature
and pests, and relay the information to the app.

The app can perform such actions as watering and fertilizing fields according to
the data. This reduces human labor - and error.

"It requires electricity", agronomist Zhang Rongquan told me, "which comes from
that", he said, pointing to a waterfall blasting down a mountainside.

The cascade gushed into a fizzing pool in front of a two-story statue of a
kiwifruit slice installed for photo ops.

At the bottom of the alp's water ribbon, teeny people got out of tiny cars to
snap shots with the huge fruit wedge.

The fruit from which the kiwi was created in New Zealand originally came from
China's Sichuan province over a century ago.

The wild varieties, then called Chinese gooseberries, were grape-sized and
bitter.

They were selectively bred in New Zealand to create the large, sweet varieties
we eat today.

About a decade ago, I reported on how the not-so-prodigal kiwi had returned home
to southwestern China's soil.

It's today cultivating new prosperity in places like Shuicheng.

The variety that thrives in Guizhou - relatively bald and with a tangyhoney
aftertaste - sells for four to 10 times more than Sichuan's on average, locals
told me.

Turns out, like big data, they thrive in climatically stable karsts.

Guizhou has long been known for poor soil that often produces little more than
low-grade corn on terraces chopped into the mountains over centuries.

"Local farmers could only earn about 1,000 yuan ($144) per mu (1/15th of a
hectare) growing corn," Zhang told me atop the mountain that the orchard spills
down.

"They earn an average of 30,000 yuan per mu a year growing kiwifruit. They can
earn 90,000 yuan per mu at most."

I pointed out a small cornfield below, at the orchard's edge.

"That'll be gone next year," Zhang told me.

"Locals have realized kiwifruit brings in several times more money."

Shuicheng's kiwis are not only eaten raw but also processed into alcohols and
soft drinks with growing national brand recognition.

Many residents lease their land to growers and earn about 100 yuan additionally
a day as migrant workers, he explains.

Others are capitalizing on the growing tourism industry, as more outsiders
arrive to pick fruit and enjoy the striking scenery.

The number of visitors to the agricultural park and surrounding area has grown
from roughly 20,000 six years ago to about 80,000 today. Villas built in the
scenic spot cost about 2,000 yuan a night.

Guizhou was the last stop of my 35-day, 2,000-kilometer journey to 11
destinations along the Yangtze to discover how cities on the river have embraced
the achievements and confronted the challenges brought by the reform and
opening-up.

China is addressing such problems as uncoordinated regional development,
widening wealth gaps and environmental degradation by shifting toward new models
that focus on quality development rather than growth for growth's sake.

The country is improving people's lives while protecting the ecosystems we
depend on.

The reform and opening-up is still unfolding, especially as China enters a new
era.

It's not only a model for development along the waterway - or even throughout
China - but, ultimately, an inspiration for the world we all share.

Contact the writer at erik_nilsson@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/29/2018 page20)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/36/154604450641.jpg

a41f726719b21d90fc5c5a.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/41/154604450674.jpg

a41f726719b21d90fc6b5b.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/60/154604450703.jpg

a41f726719b21d90fc6f5d.jpg


                             463 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            December 28, 2018 Friday

HEADLINE: Bold move as district outgrows its territory

BYLINE: Yuan Shenggao

BODY:

Since its establishment 27 years ago, the Xi'an Hi-Tech Industries Development
Zone has experienced rapid growth to become the most powerful high-tech driver
of Xi'an and Shaanxi province as a whole.

However, its pace of development has slowed down in recent years due to its
limited space and worsening environment, according to recent reports by People's
Daily.

Construction on 134 industrial projects has been suspended because of lack of
land, said the newspaper, which estimated the shortage of land supply for those
projects amounted to 2,400 hectares.

The living environment is another disadvantage of the zone. People work in the
high-tech zone to earn higher salaries but prefer to live in the neighboring
Qujiang New Area, where facilities for living, shopping and relaxation are
better, People's Daily quoted local officials.

A typical example is the hightech zone's software park, which is home to a great
number of IT and high-tech companies including Huawei.

Huawei's Xi'an company has more than 13,000 employees. Like many working at
Huawei, hundreds of thousands of people come to work in the morning and leave in
the evening, causing traffic jams during the peak hours.

Facing these problems, the new leadership of the Xi'an high-tech zone has
recently planned for change.

Zhong Hongjiang, Party chief of the zone, said the local authorities will focus
on creating a better living and working environment for employees and residents.

"A good living and working environment can make people and businesses stay,"
Zhong said.

He explained that the zone's new development plan will highlight "an ideal
environment" for innovation and entrepreneurship, high-quality growth, living
and a sustained ecology.

The administrative commission of the zone announced an expansion plan last
month, to include the three districts of Chang'an, Huyi and Yanta into the
high-tech zone.

The latest move followed a plan announced in June, which put 10 townships under
the administration of the Xi'an high-tech zone.

The moves will add another 679 square kilometers of land to the zone.

Local residents and businesses have pinned high hopes on the expansion plan.

Zhao Changli, a local resident with a family of five in Xinglong community,
which is included in the Xi'an high-tech zone's expansion plan, said he has been
expecting his hometown to become a Lujiazui-like area in Xi'an. Lujiazui is the
financial hub of Shanghai.

According to the policy for compensating families giving up their homes and land
for the expansion, Zhao's family can get 350 square meters of residential space
and 50 sq m of commercial property for free, which he thinks "is a very fair
compensation".

Like Zhao, many of his neighbors live in shabby, one-story houses. They think
their lives will change for the better after they move.

According to plans, Xinglong will be home to the 666-m Xi'an Silk Road Financial
Center and the area will be part of Xi'an's central financial district.

Xi'an Giant Biogene Technology is a rising star in the local biomedicine
industry.

Its revenue was 300 million yuan ($43.56 million) in 2016. Last year, the value
increased to 1.5 billion yuan and the figure is expected to reach 2 billion yuan
this year.

However, its factory area of less than 1 hectare cannot meet the demands of its
growing production.

The problem will be soon solved as the high-tech zone expands. The company is
expected to obtain land of four hectares for its second-phase and about seven
hectares for its third-phase expansion, according to Yan Jianya, chairman of the
company.

According to Party chief Zhong, infrastructural construction in the zone has
accelerated since the beginning of the year.

Fixed-asset investment in the Xi'an high-tech zone amounted to 63.7 billion yuan
in the first three quarters, growing 17 percent from the same period last year.

(China Daily 12/28/2018 page12)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/30/154595810342.jpg

00221917e13e1d8fb54235.jpg


                             464 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            December 28, 2018 Friday

HEADLINE: Huawei expects 21% sales growth in 2018

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Huawei Technologies projected a year-on-year growth of 21 percent in sales in
2018, marking a faster expansion than last year, despite the difficulties it is
experiencing.

The company said on Thursday it is forecast to record $108.5 billion in sales in
2018, driven by strong growth in its smartphone and digitalization businesses.
In comparison, Huawei's revenue expanded at only 15.7 percent in 2017.

The business results highlight global clients' recognition of Huawei and they
are the best responses to security allegations against the company, said Guo
Ping, rotating chairman of Huawei, in an internal letter.

"Our policies toward suppliers will stay unchanged. We will, in particular,
unswervingly cooperate with US suppliers to achieve win-win growth," Guo said.

According to him, the company will direct more resources into competitive
products and strategic opportunities while shrinking businesses that are not so
good in 2019.

The company did not disclose the figures for profit.

Huawei is the world's largest maker of telecom equipment and the world's
second-largest smartphone vendor by shipments.

In 2018, the Shenzhen-based company has shipped more than 200 million units of
smartphones to overtake Apple Inc in global market rankings. He Gang, president
of Huawei's smartphone business, forecast that the company is likely to ship 230
to 250 million smartphones next year.

When it comes to 5G, Huawei has already secured 26 commercial contracts for 5G,
the world's largest, and shipped more than 10,000 base stations for the
superfast technology. Over 211 from the top 500 global companies also have
chosen to use Huawei's products and services to accelerate digitalization.

Such progress came amid some foreign governments voicing security allegations
against Huawei. The company has promised to spend $2 billion over the next five
years on cybersecurity by recruiting more people and upgrading laboratories as
it is willing to take an extra step than rivals to prove its trustworthiness.

Xiang Ligang, founder of the telecom website cctime, said the mounting pressure
from foreign governments may harm Huawei's business to an extent, but Huawei can
still achieve a relatively good performance next year as long as it maintains
its technological edge over rivals.

Huawei said earlier this month that 5G testing results show that it is at least
12 to 15 months ahead of its competitors.

"Next year will be of crucial importance to Huawei as many countries will start
building 5G networks in scale. Early deployment of a vendor's 5G telecom gears
is the foundation to long-term cooperation in future," Xiang said.

In the third quarter of 2018, Huawei has grabbed 28 percent share of the global
telecom equipment market and 14.6 percent of worldwide smartphones by shipment,
data from research company Dell'Oro Group and International Data Corp
respectively show.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/28/2018 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/14/154595811789.jpg

a41f726b05111d8fad650c.jpg


                             465 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 27, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: What's news

BODY:

Central bank drains liquidity from market

The People's Bank of China, the central bank, drained liquidity from the
financial system on Wednesday. The PBOC conducted 20 billion yuan ($2.9 billion)
of seven-day reverse repos at an interest rate of 2.55 percent and 10 billion
yuan of 14-day reverse repos at 2.7 percent, according to a statement. The PBOC
said the operation was aimed to stabilize capital supply at the end of the year
and maintain reasonably affluent liquidity in the banking system.

Marine economy to post healthy uptick

The nation's marine economy has witnessed an average annual growth rate of 7.2
percent since 2012 and reached 7.76 trillion yuan ($1.12 trillion) in 2017, said
a report submitted at a bimonthly session of the National People's Congress
Standing Committee. China's marine economy, which consists of three marine
economic zones in the north, east, and south of the country, accounted for 9.4
percent of the gross domestic product in 2017, said the report. The nation has
also seen continued development in marine technology innovation and
industrialization, it said. It also noted that China still faces such challenges
as over-exploitation of inshore coastal waters, insufficient exploitation of
deep and high sea waters, a relatively low level of marine scientific and
technological innovation capabilities, and ecological conservation.

Renminbi strengthens against greenback

The central parity rate of the renminbi, or the yuan, strengthened by 74 basis
points to 6.8845 against the US dollar on Wednesday, according to the China
Foreign Exchange Trade System. In China's spot foreign exchange market, the yuan
is allowed to rise or fall by 2 percent from the central parity rate each
trading day. The central parity rate of the yuan against the US dollar is based
on a weighted average of prices offered by market makers before the opening of
the interbank market each business day.

Firms upbeat about 2018 performance

Most of the listed companies in China are happy with their performance this
year, with over 64 percent expecting positive or augmented financial results,
said a report in the China Securities Journal on Wednesday. As of Tuesday, 1,230
companies listed on the country's A-share market have released annual
profitability estimates, with 45.7 percent of them expecting profit growth,
according to the report. Some 170 companies, or 13.8 percent of the total,
expect net profit growth of at least 100 percent, while another 65 loss-making
firms forecast turnarounds.

Huawei ships over 200m smartphones

Technology giant Huawei said on Tuesday that it had shipped more than 200
million smartphones so far this year, a record for the company. In 2010,
Huawei's smartphone shipments were 3 million units, according to market research
firm IDC. The company overtook Apple in the second and the third quarters of
2018 to become the world's second-largest phone vendor, IDC said. Richard Yu,
CEO of Huawei's consumer business group, said the group hopes to become a
pioneer and leader in the new generation of the smartphone revolution.

Anti-drone system gets interest from customers

An Israeli technology company says its anti-drone system is drawing major
interest after rogue unmanned aircraft sowed chaos at London Gatwick Airport
last week. The Israeli company Skylock is among a growing industry specializing
in detecting and downing intruder drones by "jamming" them, or disrupting their
frequencies. The company said on Tuesday it saw a 40 percent spike in inquiries
into its product since the Gatwick episode. Product manager Asaf Lebovitz said
the company has shifted focus to commercial applications and has been approached
by airports in North America and Europe.

BP sells Texas wind turbine farms to Ares

Oil and gas producer BP has sold three of its Texas wind farms to funds managed
by affiliates of Los Angeles-based private equity firm Ares Management Corp.
London-based BP says the deal includes its Silver Star, Sherbino Mesa 2 and
Trinity Hills turbine farms. Silver Star is about 160 kilometers southwest of
Fort Worth. Sherbino Mesa 2 is located 64 kilometers west of Fort Stockton.
Trinity Hills operates 80 kilometers southwest of Wichita Falls. BP says it
wants to optimize and upgrade its other American turbine farms. It still will
have interest in 11 wind farms in eight US states.

No change in BOK's 2019 policy stance

South Korea's central bank said on Wednesday that it will keep its accommodative
monetary policy stance next year amid lingering external uncertainties. The Bank
of Korea ( BOK) said in its 2019 monetary policy report that the current
accommodative monetary policy would be maintained in 2019 as inflationary
pressure on the demand side is forecast to stay low amid the expected growth of
the economy meeting the growth potential. The BOK said it would consider an
additional rate hike after reviewing the effect from external uncertainties on
the South Korean economy and inflation, such as the normalized monetary policy
in advanced economies.

Vietnam witnesses dip in foreign investment

Vietnam enticed foreign investment of nearly $35.5 billion so far this year,
posting a year-on-year decrease of 1.2 percent, its Foreign Investment Agency
said on Wednesday. Of the nearly $35.5 billion, nearly $18 billion were
registered capital of 3,046 new foreign-invested projects, down 15.5 percent in
capital; roughly $7.6 billion were additional capital of 1,169 existing
projects, down 9.7 percent in capital; and nearly $9.9 billion were the money
foreign investors used to buy shares or contribute capital to Vietnamese firms,
up 59.8 percent.

China Daily - Agencies

(China Daily 12/27/2018 page14)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/47/154587173262.jpg

a41f726b05111d8e581d0a.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/89/154587173304.jpg

a41f726b05111d8e58230b.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/84/154587173385.jpg

a41f726b05111d8e58270c.jpg


                             466 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                          December 26, 2018 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Leadership call for 5G speedup hailed by analysts

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

The central leadership's call for more efforts to accelerate the commercial use
of 5G networks will inject new vitality into China's ongoing manufacturing
upgrade push, analysts said on Tuesday.

Qu Xianming, an expert with the National Manufacturing Strategy Advisory
Committee, said as 5G is capable of delivering superfast internet speeds and a
highly responsive network, it will be the fresh driver of the in-depth
incorporation of technological advances with traditional manufacturing sectors.

"5G will not be just another technology or system. Instead, it is a platform in
which the telecom industry needs to be deeply linked with other sectors. That is
the fundamental difference between 5G and 4G," Qu said.

The comments came after the annual Central Economic Work Conference said China
must reinforce the pivotal role of investment, facilitate the upgrading of
manufacturing technologies and devices, and accelerate the commercial use of 5G
networks.

The conference, which was held last week, highlighted that China will work to
promote technological innovation and foster new industrial clusters, and create
infrastructure for artificial intelligence, the industrial internet, and the
internet of things.

Earlier this month, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the
nation's top industry regulator, allocated specific low and medium-frequency
bands to the nation's major three telecom carriers, in a key step aimed at
accelerating the rollout of 5G.

China is eyeing pre-commercial operation of 5G in 2019 and the network's full
commercialization in 2020. Trials of the technology are now being conducted in
dozens of cities in China.

Chinese telecom gear maker and smartphone vendor Huawei Technologies said it had
already secured more than 26 commercial contracts for 5G, arguably the world's
largest. The company has also already shipped more than 10,000 base stations for
5G.

Xiang Ligang, a telecom veteran and CEO of industry website Cctime, said
cross-industry partnerships are one of the keys to win in the final sprint
toward the commercialization of 5G.

"The next-generation technology's unique network architecture will enable
large-scale customized industrial production and real-time decision-making. Its
strong bandwidth to support the widespread use of video recognition technologies
will help boost quality control in factories," Xiang said.

According to a report from the China Academy of Information and Communications
Technology, the digitalization and automation of factories will be a key driver
for future growth, after China's digital economy reached 16 trillion yuan ($2.3
trillion) in the first six months of 2018.

Lu Chuncong, an expert at the academy, said a sound 5G telecom infrastructure of
5G will not only support the growth of internet companies but the real economy
as well.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/26/2018 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/58/154578532044.jpg

a41f726b05111d8d0d2305.jpg


                             467 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 25, 2018 Tuesday

HEADLINE: West's double standard on display once again

BODY:

Canada is seeking support from its Western allies in an apparent attempt to
exert greater pressure on China over the latter's detention of two Canadian
citizens. So far, both the United States and the European Union have chosen to
side with Canada. But just like truth does not automatically lie with those who
speak the loudest in a quarrel, this does not mean their demand is reasonable.

China's Foreign Ministry confirmed on Wednesday that compulsory measures have
been taken in accordance with the law against two Canadian nationals, Michael
Kovrig and Michael Spavor, as they are suspected of engaging in activities that
endanger China's national security.

Prior to that, on Dec 1, Canadian authorities detained Meng Wanzhou, chief
financial officer of Chinese telecommunications giant Huawei, at the request of
the US authorities. Canada has demanded immediate release of its own citizens
who are suspected of breaking China's laws while so far ignoring China's
rightful demand to release Meng who has broken no Canadian laws.

The entirely different stance taken by Canada and its Western allies on the two
separate cases has laid bare the double standard those countries tend to apply
in international relations.

For one thing, the treatment toward Meng upon her detention was is a blatant
violation of Meng's rights, and runs counter to what Western countries
continually preach on human rights issues in the world arena.

Over the years, Western countries have dressed themselves up as guardians of
international human rights, but the detention and treatment of Meng has exposed
their hypocrisy and double standard in this regard.

Meng was detained allegedly on charges that she and her company misled banks
about the company's business dealings in Iran. But international practice shows
similar disputes were usually resolved through business means.

The two Canadians were detained on suspicion of violating China's national
security, and the Chinese authorities would not have taken measures without
solid evidence. But out of the Western bias against China, these two cases are
being used as an excuse to criticize China's legal and business environment.

This is self-evident in the EU's statement, which says: "The declared motive for
the arrest and detention of Michael Kovrig and Michael Spavor, both Canadian
nationals, raises concerns about legitimate research and business practices in
China."

Western countries' resorting to such a double standard does not help resolve the
current skirmish between China and Canada. They need a just and objective lens
to see through the disputes which was started by the US in the first place.

(China Daily 12/25/2018 page8)


                             468 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 25, 2018 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Canada Goose shares plucked amid international incident

BYLINE: William Hennelly

BODY:

Canada Goose coats, which have enjoyed stratospheric sales around the world, got
a lesson in the harsh realities of global markets after Chinese netizens
recently called for a boycott of the producer of pricey parkas.

The stock of Canada Goose Holdings Inc, which has done business out of Toronto
since 1957, has absorbed a 33.8 percent fleecing since Dec 3, probably because
the coats are quite popular with Chinese.

Shares fell 5.7 percent on Thursday, down $2.76, to $45.99 in New York Stock
Exchange trading.

Canada Goose is likely collateral damage of the political tension resulting from
the arrest at the behest of the United States of Huawei CFO Meng Wanzhou at
Vancouver airport on Dec 1. She was detained by Canadian authorities for 10 days
before being granted bail.

The fact that Canada is the first word in Canada Goose's name makes it an easy
mark for Chinese consumers, many of whom have asserted their aspirational
spending power by purchasing the winter wear.

The opening of a new flagship store in the Sanlitun section of Beijing's stylish
Chaoyang District was delayed Dec 15, with a sign on the door attributing the
non-opening to construction.

Maybe that was the reason, and if you believe that, I have a Great Wall to sell
you.

This is about economy of scale. If your products are popular in a country with
1.4 billion people, and there are calls for a boycott, well, do the math.

Credit Suisse sees the controversy as short-lived, saying that it does not
override the long-term opportunity for the company, majority owned by Bain
Capital, a Boston-based private equity company, nor does it discount the high
demand visible during store checks in China.

Canada Goose has not replied to a request for comment.

The company's trendy coats can be seen across the streets and subways of New
York and are probably as much an official statement of affluence as they are
used to keep warm.

While I don't own one of the fashionable parkas with the official-looking arm
patch, I always wondered why people fork out around $1,000 for one of them. (The
Snow Mantra parka on the website will run you $1,550. Even the beanie caps are
north of $100.)

But they are fine-looking and well-made products, and if the market is there for
them, then good for Canada Goose.

Demand, however, is also subject to the vagaries of geopolitics.

Chen Weihua, China Daily's EU bureau chief and the owner of a Canada Goose parka
that served him well on a trip to Alaska, said that "while people have the right
to express their anger by boycotting Canada Goose or other Canadian goods, I am
not in favor of such a boycott. This should be dealt with through diplomatic
channels between China, Canada and the US.

"But I do plan to buy a Huawei cellphone next time to show my support," Chen
said.

It's not the first controversy for Canada Goose, which has faced protests from
animal rights activists for its use of down feathers, wool and fur. And because
the coats are so desirable, counterfeiters have created some headaches.

The company's jackets often contain down from Hutterite farms in rural Canada.
Some of the coats also have coyote fur trim on the hoods, which some activists
oppose because of the use of leg-hold and other traps to obtain it.

"Our standards for the sourcing and use of fur, down and wool reflect our
commitment that materials are sourced from animals that are not subject to
willful mistreatment or undue harm," the Canada Goose website says.

In 2010, People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals criticized Justin Trudeau
(before he was prime minister) and his family for wearing Canada Goose products
in a Christmas photo. Then there is the issue of counterfeiting.

"Made illegally in factories in Asia, the fake jackets are found on many rogue
websites as well as in the flea markets of Shanghai, Beijing and Bangkok," the
company announces on its website. "Key identifiers are poor details in the
embroidery along with color variations in the stitching and/or errors in the
shapes of the maple leaves within our Arctic Disc. Amazingly, 'Canada' and
'Arctic' are sometimes spelled incorrect."

Maybe the frost in Sino-Canadian relations will thaw, and for Canada Goose, it
would be better if that happened as winter approaches.

Contact the writer at williamhennelly@chinadailyusa.com

(China Daily 12/25/2018 page22)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/48/154569890920.jpg

a41f726b05111d8bbdc22b.jpg


                             469 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            December 24, 2018 Monday

HEADLINE: Ingenuity can break high-tech barriers

BODY:

Editor's note: The United States has opened fire on Chinese high-tech
enterprises by asking Canada to detain Meng Wanzhou, chief financial officer of
Huawei (she has subsequently been released on bail). Previously, the US Commerce
Department announced it is seeking opinions on tightening high-tech exports by
Jan 10. How should China deal with the US' technology blockade? Three experts
share their views on the issue with China Daily's Liu Jianna. Excerpts follow:

Encourage innovation for tech development

Zhang Monan, a researcher at the China Center for International Economic
Exchanges

The strategic competition between the US and China, irrespective of China's
reluctance to be drawn into it, will likely be a key feature of bilateral ties
in the medium and long term. Especially, as the targeting of Huawei, ZTE and
Fujian Jinhua can be seen as a prelude to more incisive attacks against the
entire Chinese high-tech sector.

With some developed countries resorting to high-tech blockade, China may turn to
other tech powers to offset the impact. But thanks to their vigilance against
China, some other countries are also hesitant to deepen cooperation and
exchanges with China in the high-tech or military sector.

It is, however, impossible for them to abandon the Chinese market of more than
1.3 billion people despite their "deep fear" of China's rapid catch-up in
high-tech in recent years.

Still, China has to rely on itself to break the high-tech blockade. To begin
with, China should discard the idea of overtaking the curve, because nearly all
countries, from Japan to Germany, have been able to join the ranks of great
hightech powers due to their ingenuity.

While the key to promote innovation lies in inspiring enterprises to innovate,
distinctive and targeted strategies to promote innovation eyeing different types
of enterprises should be devised. Support, in general, should be extended to
private enterprises, small and medium-sized enterprises in particular, when
necessary while the State-owned enterprises' reform should be accelerated to
boost the drive to innovate.

So, aside from encouraging enterprises to invest more in research and
development, the Chinese government should also improve its education system and
talent training programs in higher education to support high-tech development.

Tech restrictions weaken the role of the market

Cui Fan, a professor at the University of International Business and Economics

China may be forced to quicken the pace of ingenious innovation. Otherwise, it
would suffer severe losses given the rapidly rising amounts it spends on tech
licensing fees every year.

However, developed countries' interests would also suffer if they unnecessarily
stick to overly strict export guidelines. For instance, US chipmakers are sure
to suffer a setback because China is their largest buyer. As high-tech companies
need a market to give full play to their technologies and earn profits, the
restrictions on Chinese companies are highly likely to confront much opposition
in the US.

As Pascal Lamy, former director-general of the World Trade Organization, said,
de-globalization efforts won't succeed because disconnecting the economies and
unwinding the value chains that have been built over decades would be too costly
for any country, the developed ones included, to afford. Such technology
protectionism is unnecessary as it is unrealistic.

Enterprises will strive to protect their core technologies even without
government support. And since they will choose to transfer relatively backward
technologies and low-and middle-end technology products to others, so as to
maintain their leading role in the tech field, the US technology blockade will
not only sabotage the enterprises but also undermine the market's role and
technology owners' competitiveness in the long term.

US move inhibits global progress of technology

Li Xiaohua, a researcher at the Institute of Industrial Economics, Chinese
Academy of Social Sciences

In the field of high-tech, the sharing of latest research results on scientific
principles, which forms the basis of some leading technologies' development, is
hard to terminate as much of the information in fundamental research is open.
Given that China enjoys advantages in some high-tech sectors - for instance, a
complete manufacturing system, large volumes of big data and plenty of
application scenarios - and that joint efforts of all countries are needed for
the global progress of technology, the US move will to some degree inhibit
global high-tech development.

But now that some developed countries have set up a high-tech blockade, the
Chinese government as well as enterprises should attach greater importance to
ingenious innovation and R&D to reduce their reliance on other countries and
foreign companies.

(China Daily 12/24/2018 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/12/154561248884.jpg

a41f726b05111d8a6b5624.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/79/154561248902.jpg

a41f726b05111d8a6b6125.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/46/154561248921.jpg

a41f726b05111d8a6b6926.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/28/154561248941.jpg

a41f726b05111d8a6b7527.jpg


                             470 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 20, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Huawei victim of US panic attacks

BODY:

This year has not been an annus mirablis for China's Huawei Technologies Ltd,
the world's largest supplier of telecommunications network equipment and
second-biggest maker of smartphones.

Although it has been constantly in the news and it is said there is no such
thing as bad publicity, it has been making headlines because of the spurious
claims it somehow poses a threat to the West, even world peace. It has never
been explained exactly how.

In fact it is not because of anything it has done, but because its success has
brought it into the crosshairs of the United States' anxiety attacks against
China.

Huawei is at the forefront of 5G technology. This latest generation mobile
network technology promises to bring the much anticipated and heralded internet
of things to life and the US is determined to be the 5G leader.

Not only because whichever country develops the technology that is adopted as
standard will have a huge commercial advantage. But also because by setting the
standard it will have a knowledge advantage.

As a result, first the US and then one after another its most obedient allies
have blocked Huawei from entering their 5G markets on security grounds.

None of them have offered any specific justification for blocking Huawei. They
just repeat their claim that the company poses a security risk. That is why
objective observers have concluded that those countries are politicizing a
commercial issue.

It sets a harmful precedent. What if other countries used the same excuse to
block US companies (not confined to the telecom sector)? The US companies are
very competitive in many fields, including those that could pose huge security
risks, such as finance.

While Huawei will not go unscathed from being prevented from entering key
markets, as a competitive player, it still has a vast market to access in other
parts of the world. It has signed contracts to supply 5G equipment to 25 telecom
carriers, and more than 10,000 5G base stations have been shipped.

In stark contrast to the US and its allies, India for instance, has invited
Huawei to conduct 5G trials in the country and complimented it on the role it
has played in helping to develop its telecom industry.

The efforts of the US and its allies to try to shield their companies against a
Chinese competitor are politically motivated, not the result of a fact-based or
transparent decision-making process. And they are counterproductive to the
concerted efforts that are needed to ensure the security of 5G networks.

(China Daily 12/20/2018 page8)


                             471 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 20, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Huawei's operations expand global reach

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Even though it faces security allegations in several developed markets, Chinese
technology major Huawei said on Wednesday that its global operations remain
stable, with businesses in Germany running normally and its involvement in 5G
construction by French telecom operators remaining active.

Vote of faith won in India, as business remains on track in Germany, France

Even though it faces security allegations in several developed markets, Chinese
technology major Huawei said on Wednesday that its global operations remain
stable, with businesses in Germany running normally and its involvement in 5G
construction by French telecom operators remaining active.

The comment came shortly after Huawei won a vote of faith in India, which had
invited the Shenzhen-based company to conduct local 5G trials.

Analysts said the Indian government invitation and foreign companies'
willingness to use Huawei's products highlight the trustworthiness of the
company and provide a testament to Huawei's technological prowess.

In an internal statement to employees on Wednesday, Huawei said that in addition
to business in Germany and France, the company is also replying to Japanese
operators' 5G bid and actively participating in local 5G trials.

Though the New Zealand government has not approved a 5G proposal submitted by a
local operator that is a Huawei partner, the regulatory process has not finished
and local customers said they will continue to communicate with the government
and hope that their cooperation with Huawei will remain unchanged, Huawei added.

Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said on Wednesday that Huawei's
products and services are widely recognized.

No factual evidence has been given to support security allegations against
Huawei, and some countries are politicizing normal technological cooperation,
Hua added.

The company said it has already secured 25 commercial contracts for 5G and
shipped more than 10,000 base stations for the superfast technology. It also has
inked deals with more than 50 partners from around the world, demonstrating the
confidence its clients have in the company.

The comments came after some foreign governments voiced security concerns over
products made by the world's largest maker of telecom equipment and the world's
second-largest smartphone vendor.

In the third quarter of 2018, Huawei had a 28 percent share of the global
telecom equipment market and accounted for 14.6 percent of worldwide smartphone
shipments, according to market research companies Dell'Oro Group and
International Data Corp.

Wang Yanhui, secretary-general of the Mobile China Alliance, said Huawei is a
global pioneer in research and development for 5G telecom equipment.

India wants to have a fast rollout of next-generation technology, so it called
Huawei, Wang said. "Participating in 5G trials is an important step to build up
trust."

Bai Ming, a researcher at the Chinese Academy of International Trade and
Economic Cooperation, said it is unreasonable for foreign countries to doubt the
safety of Huawei's products just because it is a Chinese company.

Xiang Ligang, founder of the telecom website cctime, said Huawei has established
an image as a reliable technology provider in the past three decades. With
countries around the world expected to deploy large-scale 5G networks in a year
or two, there will be a huge demand for telecom equipment.

Research agency IHS Markit forecast that the global market for 5G telecom
equipment will hit $11 billion by 2022.

"Huawei's cost-effective products and its ability to quickly respond to clients
are the keys to keeping prices affordable and to ensuring a timely deployment of
5G around the world," Xiang said.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/20/2018 page1)


                             472 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                          December 19, 2018 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Telecom giant Huawei to spend $2b on cybersecurity over next 5 years

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Huawei Technologies Co Ltd said on Tuesday it would spend $2 billion over the
next five years on cybersecurity by recruiting more people and upgrading
laboratories, as the Chinese technology major seeks to ease concerns about its
telecom gear.

The move came after Huawei has already secured more than 25 commercial contracts
for 5G, or fifth-generation mobile communication technology.

"We have already shipped more than 10,000 base stations for 5G, which
demonstrates the trustworthiness of our company," said Hu Houkun, rotating
chairman of Huawei.

Huawei is the world's largest maker of telecom equipment and the world's
second-largest smartphone vendor by shipments. The company said on Tuesday that
it expects revenue to exceed $100 billion in 2018, up 8.7 percent from last
year. The comments came as Huawei is recently facing concerns from foreign
governments which have doubted the safety of its products.

"We will open a security transparency center in Brussels in the first quarter of
next year to ensure clients that our products are reliable," Hu said at a news
conference in Dongguan, Guangdong province, adding that no major cyber security
incidents have ever happened at the Shenzhen-based company for the past 30
years.

The senior executive also said Japan and France have no formal ban on Huawei's
telecom gear, in response to media reports that the two countries have expressed
relevant concerns.

The move came weeks after Meng Wanzhou, chief financial officer of Huawei, was
arrested in Canada at the request of the United States. Meng was later released
on bail.

Hu on Tuesday highlighted that the company looks forward to a just conclusion of
Meng's case.

Huawei gained a 28 percent share of the global telecom equipment market in the
third quarter of 2018, up 4 percentage points since 2015, market research
company Dell'Oro Group said in its latest report.

As countries around the world scramble to deploy large-scale 5G networks, the
global telecom equipment market for the superfast technology will hit $11
billion by 2022, research agency IHS Markit forecast, without disclosing the
figure for this year.

Xiang Ligang, CEO of telecoms industry website Cctime, said the consumer
electronics industry chain is so globalized, with companies being highly
interdependent.

"Any possible harm to one company will have bad effects on others," Xiang said.
According to him, it is unreasonable for foreign companies to doubt the safety
of Huawei just because it is a Chinese company.

Huawei said its products and services are available in more than 170 countries
and regions. It also has more than 13,000 suppliers around the world, from
Japan, the US and other countries.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

Four AI robots play football at the Huawei booth during an industry expo in
Beijing. Provided to China Daily

(China Daily 12/19/2018 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/44/154518056396.jpg

a41f726b05111d83c8c60e.jpg


                             473 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 18, 2018 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Beijing, Ottawa talking amid detention of Canadians

BYLINE: Zhou Jin

BODY:

Beijing and Ottawa are maintaining regular diplomatic communication regarding
the recent detention of two Canadian nationals in China, and Beijing has
arranged for Canadian officials to have access to them, Foreign Ministry
spokeswoman Hua Chunying said on Monday.

China is providing all necessary assistance to allow Canada to fulfill normal
consular services, and the legitimate rights and interests of the two Canadian
citizens are being guaranteed, Hua said at a daily news briefing.

The Canadians, businessman Michael Spavor and former diplomat Michael Kovrig,
are suspected of engaging in activities that endanger China's national security.
Their cases are now under investigation and they are being detained according to
the law, she said.

John McCallum, Canadian ambassador to China, met with Kovrig on Friday and
Spavor on Sunday, Reuters quoted Canada's Foreign Ministry as saying.

United States Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said on Friday at a meeting with
Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland in Washington that the detention of
the two Canadians is unlawful and unacceptable, and they should be released.

Freeland said the recent detention of a senior Chinese executive is in
accordance with the rule of law and honors Canada's international treaty
commitments.

Canada detained Huawei's Chief Financial Officer Meng Wanzhou on Dec 1 in
Vancouver at the request of the US.

"After so many things have happened, it is surprising that the US and Canada
still proclaim to abide by the rule of law," Hua said, adding that it is a
modern version of The Emperor's New Clothes.

She said that such remarks disregard the facts and ignore the rule of law, and
will be laughed at.

Many Canadians wrote to the Chinese embassy in Canada or Canadian media outlets
to criticize the unreasonable and illegal measures taken by the Canadian
government, she said, adding that many Americans, including Columbia University
economist Jeffrey Sachs, have commented on the case.

China strongly urges Canada to correct its mistake and release Meng, and it is
asking the US to cancel the call for her arrest, she added.

zhoujin@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/18/2018 page3)


                             474 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            December 17, 2018 Monday

HEADLINE: Huawei CFO may draw more Chinese women to business

BYLINE: Siva Sankar

BODY:

Westerners may have been surprised to learn from news coming from Canada that
Huawei, a major Chinese tech company, has a female chief financial officer.

Many people outside China view the nation as a patriarchal society. But reality
is different from perception. I'd like to believe that Chinese women are
redefining their role in society and fancy their chances of succeeding in
business.

That belief isn't based solely on the rise of Meng Wanzhou, a billionaire, to
Huawei's executive suite or the gradual blooming of female executives in big
companies. They include bicycle-sharing company Mobike, which is led by Hu
Weiwei; Gree Electric Appliances, steered by Dong Mingzhu; and Ant Financial,
led by Peng Lei, a self-made billionaire who also co-founded Alibaba.

Female CEOs in China (4.5 percent of the total) outnumber those in most other
countries, including the United States.

At the other extreme, women run smaller businesses, such as fruit and vegetable
shops, neighborhood grocery stores, fast-food stalls, garment and lingerie
stores and beauty salons.

But it's in the middle ground between these two extremes that Chinese
businesswomen seem to be finding their sweet spot. One of the reasons is
e-commerce.

Opportunities arising from the digital medium are now spilling over into the
physical realm. Chinese women are breaking new ground in niche brick-and-mortar
businesses.

The startup culture appears to have spawned a new thinking and a quiet
confidence that are now informing women's choices.

For example, a tea expert is striking out on her own by floating a venture
focused on foreign tourists visiting China. Her studio offers creative crash
courses that give an overview of the country's rich tea culture and train
students on how to brew different varieties. Considering that Chinese green tea
has become a rage outside the country, it's conceivable that foreign tourists
will enroll when such courses are bundled with tours by online travel agencies.

Sightseeing, sampling local food and absorbing Chinese culture are no longer the
only activities on most tourists' to-do lists these days. Life-enriching
experiences and activities are sought that can be squeezed into travel
itineraries, so that spending big bucks produces a bigger bang.

Who wouldn't want to go back home and show off new skills in how to recognize
and evaluate different varieties of Chinese teas, or how to buy and brew them
using custom-made porcelain paraphernalia?

This entrepreneurial woman's courage to try converting a concept into a
profitable business may be a sign that Chinese women's gut-level instincts are
undergoing a massive change.

The female-founded businesses I have come across recently give credence to my
theory: a popular eatery that serves Middle Eastern delights like shawarma and
falafel (it helps if the husband is a Syrian hulk who doubles as the chef); a
frozen yogurt chain that is doing well even during a bitterly cold winter; a
city-centric local tour and excursion operator targeting expatriates; a life
skills training company aimed at empowering working women in fighting
depression; yoga studios; niche restaurants; and translation and interpreter
services that use mobile apps.

These are but a sample. Chinese women are already ubiquitous in the media,
entertainment and sports industries. The digital world has produced an army of
female celebrities, including livestreamers who publicize new products, and
services and entertainers who broadcast fun shows involving cosplay and
real-life snippets in real time.

The #MeToo campaign's Chinese footprint, and the wide popularity of
female-oriented Indian films in China are also testimony to the rising distaff
power.

Far from being a disgrace because of her questionable arrest in Canada, Meng's
brush with global attention, though unplanned, might end up inspiring more
Chinese females to boldly go where few women have gone before.

Contact the writer at siva@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/17/2018 page22)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/54/154513017314.jpg

a41f726719b21d8137ff3e.jpg


                             475 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            December 17, 2018 Monday

HEADLINE: Smartphone companies bet big on foldable screens

BYLINE: Fan Feifei

BODY:

Smartphone makers are betting big on foldable screens that fit into a pocket to
revive a market mired in an innovation lull and a sales slump.

Samsung Electronics Co Ltd revealed its much-anticipated foldable phone, which
is a tablet when it is fully opened and becomes a smartphone when closed, at the
company's annual developers' conference in San Francisco in November.

It uses a new display technology called Infinity Flex Display that allows users
to open and close the device a countless number of times without degradation.

Koh Dong-jin, president of IT & Mobile Communications at Samsung Electronics,
said the company will release the foldable phone within the first half of next
year, and the first batch to be delivered will have at least 1 million units.
The company is set to produce more if the new product is well received in the
market.

"We have been living in a world where the size of a screen could only be as
large as the device itself," said Justin Denison, Samsung's senior
vice-president of mobile product marketing. "We have just entered a new
dimension."

According to IDC, a global market consultancy focusing on technology, smartphone
makers shipped 355.2 million units during the third quarter of 2018, down 6
percent year-on-year, the fourth consecutive quarter of year-on-year declines
for the global smartphone market.

Samsung had a challenging quarter with shipments down 13.4 percent to 72.20
million units. The market leader continues to feel pressure from all directions,
especially with Huawei Technologies Co Ltd inching closer to the top after its
second consecutive quarter as the No 2.

The South Korean technology giant is not the only phone maker working on
foldable devices. Royole Corp, a Shenzhen, Guangdong province-based panel
manufacturer, has announced its first foldable smartphone FlexPai, which
features a 7.8-inch AMOLED display with a resolution of 1920 x 1440 pixels and
an aspect ratio of 4:3.

The smartphone manufacturer claims that users can bend its foldable display more
than 200,000 times without the screen breaking. Royole is hoping to sell early
versions of its FlexPai foldable-screen phone for $1,300 to $1,500 once it
launches in the United States - something that won't happen until next year, at
the earliest.

Industry insiders say foldable smartphones will be the development direction in
the next 10 years. Huawei reportedly plans to release a foldable handset next
year.

Lenovo Group Ltd and Xiaomi Corp have also started their own prototypes, and LG
Group is also working on flexible OLED displays and TVs that roll up into a box.

Huawei has said its first foldable smartphone will work in 5G networks, and this
handset will likely resemble the Huawei Mate 20X. Oppo Electronics Corp will
show off its foldable phone at the Mobile World Congress in 2019 to be held in
Barcelona near the end of February next year.

"The challenge of foldable mobile phones lies in the foldable AMOLED panels,
especially in terms of folding tolerance and radius. Secondly, the material of
the cover plate will also be a bottleneck. How to maintain a similar size,
especially thickness, with the current mainstream smartphone product, is also a
problem" said Qiu Yubin, vice-president of WitsView Research.

BOE Technology Group Co Ltd, a Beijing-based supplier of display products and
solutions, commenced mass production of sixth-generation flexible AMOLED display
screens at its facility in Chengdu, Sichuan province, last October.

According to BOE, its display panels have already been delivered to more than 10
smartphone manufacturers including Huawei, Oppo, Vivo Mobile Communication
Technology Co, Xiaomi Inc, ZTE Corp and Nubia Technology Co Ltd.

fanfeifei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/17/2018 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/87/154513018154.jpg

a41f726719b21d8134d806.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/10/154513018189.jpg

a41f726719b21d8134e809.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/35/154513018223.jpg

a41f726719b21d8134eb0a.jpg


                             476 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            December 17, 2018 Monday

HEADLINE: Game on for Chinese 5G firms

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

It's a high-stakes high-tech race.

Huge investments, intensive R&D mark the race toward next-gen mobile technology

It's a high-stakes high-tech race.

Billions, maybe, trillions of dollars are up for grabs globally - and Chinese
technology companies are vying to scoop up as much of the fifth-generation or 5G
mobile telecommunication technology pie as possible, as the D-Day of commercial
launch around 2020 nears.

In doing so, they are also seeking the honor of being remembered as the first
off the block, in the process generating mirth at times.

On Nov 30, about 10 engineers employed with smartphone maker Oppo and based in
China, Japan and the United States made what they claimed is the world's first
5G-enabled cross-continent video call.

Their call was through WeChat, the most popular messaging and social-media app
in China. They used Oppo's 5G prototype smartphones to make the 17-minute call
under the trial 5G network bandwidth of 100 megabits per second.

A day earlier, Chinese smartphone vendor Vivo demonstrated its 5G prototype
handset to the public for trial use in Beijing. Arguably, Vivo's is the first
such move in the industry. Using a Vivo device on a trial 5G network, consumers
were able to surf the internet.

In the first week of December, Lin Bin, president of Xiaomi Corp, posted a
message on Weibo, China's Twitter-like platform, and claimed it could well be
"the first Weibo post enabled by 5G network". Lin, of course, used Xiaomi's
5G-ready smartphone.

Chinese smartphone makers' research and development of 5G smartphones is
happening at a time when large-scale commercial deployment of 5G networks is one
or two years away. Companies are working hard to bring 5G smartphones to the
market as soon as possible, with some eyeing the first half of 2019 for the
earliest launch.

"They are betting on the new-generation of mobile communication technology to
cope with a year-long downward spiral in global smartphone shipments, and more
importantly, to prepare for a promising future where 5G devices will enable a
slate of new applications," said James Yan, research director at Counterpoint
Technology Market Research."5G is a once-in-a-decade opportunity for smartphone
makers."

The next-gen data tech will be at least 10 times faster than 4G and will support
superfast movie downloads. Downloading an 8-gigabyte content might take no more
than a few seconds, said experts.

5G also has the potential to radically alter how the world's best smartphones
are used every day.

"Think augmented reality (computer graphics merging with the real world, such as
fighting against a 3-D-dinasour in users' living room), virtual reality,
improved streaming resolutions, holographic displays, enhanced power and
next-gen cloud computing," said Nicole Peng, senior director of market research
company Canalys.

Though some of these initial applications are possible in 4G, "it is 5G that is
going to be a significant jump forward for phones because only with the latter's
higher bandwidth that these applications can be more sophisticated and adopted
by most consumers, delivering real amazing impact," Peng said.

The mounting enthusiasm for 5G handsets came as the global smartphone industry
has been on the decline for six straight quarters due to market saturation.

In the third quarter of 2018, worldwide smartphone shipments fell by 3 percent
year-on-year to 386.9 million units, data from the Counterpoint Technology
Market Research showed.

But the advent of 5G smartphones is expected to inject new vitality into the
sector. According to a report by the Counterpoint, global 5G smartphone
shipments are expected to reach 108.2 million units in 2021, up an estimated 255
percent year-onyear, partially offsetting the continued shrinking of 4G handset
volumes.

To pounce on the promising opportunities. Chinese smartphone makers including
Huawei Technologies Co Ltd, Xiaomi, Vivo, Oppo, Lenovo, OnePlus, and ZTE Corp
are all aiming to launch 5G smartphones in 2019. They are accelerating relevant
R&D efforts.

Walter Ji, president of Huawei's Western European Consumer Business Group, said
in an interview with the telecom website T3 in July that the company will bring
5G smartphones into the market either in its P series models in March 2019 or in
its Mate series in September 2019.

"Now, the size of the (5G) chipset is not small enough to be used, to be
integrated in a smartphone," Ji said, adding (5G would feature) "if not in the
P30, then for sure in the Mate series next September".

The world's second-largest smartphone vendor - only Samsung Electronics Co Ltd
is ahead of Huawei - invested $15 billion to $20 billion in R&D this year. It
first beat Apple Inc in terms of smartphone shipments in the second quarter of
2018 and maintained its lead in the third quarter.

"Huawei's edge lies in its full 5G-product lineup, including chips, telecom
equipment and smartphones. Unlike its rivals which rely on Qualcomm Inc for 5G
chipsets, Huawei's ability to develop in-house 5G chipsets gives it an obvious
upper hand," said Xiang Ligang, CEO of telecoms industry website Cctime.

Chen Mingyong, CEO of Oppo, said in November that "5G is a trend that we must
catch. In addition to being among the first batch of players to unveil 5G
smartphones, Oppo will step up the exploration of application scenarios of
next-gen devices, which will ultimately play a role in deciding the true value
of the superfast technology".

According to him, the company will up its R&D investment to 10 billion yuan
($1.45 billion) next year from 4 billion yuan this year. As of September, Oppo
filed about 22,712 patent applications, with artificial intelligence patents
exceeding 300.

Despite heavy investments by smartphone vendors, 5G growth in the early
commercial phase is expected to be low due to several factors, said some
analysts.

"There are still forward-looking 5G standards that are unconfirmed, creating
uncertainty around product and service opportunities. We also expect 5G chips to
have a higher price point which will initially drive the cost of devices up. 5G
capable devices will be premium only in the beginning," said Tom Kang, research
director of Counterpoint, in an industry report.

But once better 5G business cases and infrastructure are established, the
smartphone market will begin seeing higher sales overall with more contribution
from 5G smartphones, Kang said.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/17/2018 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/9/154513018289.jpg

a41f726719b21d8134bb04.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/97/154513018357.jpg

a41f726719b21d8134c005.jpg


                             477 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            December 17, 2018 Monday

HEADLINE: Building a world safe for diversity

BYLINE: Graham Allison

BODY:

The 90-day ceasefire since Dec 1 in the "tariff war" between the United States
and China provides a welcome opportunity to pause - and to think. Trade
negotiators are focused on the search for a deal that will prevent a full-blown
trade war. But the rest of us should be thinking about two larger questions:
Where is the overall relationship between the two great nations heading? And
what can the two sides do to avoid an outcome no one wants?

At this point, even the rosiest optimists have awakened to the fact that this is
not just a tiff about tariffs. Owing to last week's detention of Huawei's chief
financial officer Meng Wanzhou, some claim the US and China are now sliding
rapidly toward what could soon become "Cold War 2.0".

In the original Cold War, the US and the Soviet Union engaged in war by all
means short of bombs and bullets. This conflict included unlimited economic,
political, and ideological assaults on each other, and even "hot" proxy wars.

But before the Cold War ended, it featured several serious crises in which the
two rivals came to the brink of a nuclear war. The most dangerous moment,
historians agree, was the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962 - when former US
president John F. Kennedy and Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev stood eyeball to
eyeball contemplating a confrontation Kennedy believed had a one-in-three chance
of ending in a nuclear war that would have killed hundreds of millions of
people.

Sobered by that experience, JFK began a serious search for a better way forward.
Eight months later, just before he was assassinated, in one of the most
significant speeches about international affairs of his career, he proposed that
hereafter, the US goal in relations with the Soviet Union should be to build "a
world safe for diversity".

That would mean, he understood, transforming American thinking about what the US
required of its "deadliest" adversary. In a feat of rhetorical jujitsu, he stood
former US president Woodrow Wilson's call for a "world safe for democracy" on
its head. More importantly, he rejected its Cold War analogue of which he had
been a leading advocate. Rather than demanding that the US bury the Soviet
Union, the US should now live and let live - in a world of diverse political
systems with diametrically opposed values and ideologies. In that future, the
two rivals could compete vigorously - but only peacefully - to demonstrate whose
values and system of governance could best meet the needs of its citizens.

What led this hardened, emotionally committed Cold War warrior to such a
dramatic change of mind? The existential experience of nuclear danger. To
prevent Khrushchev from placing nuclear-tipped missiles 150 kilometers off the
US coast in Cuba, Kennedy played a version of Russian roulette.

To reduce this risk, the Kennedy administration undertook a surge of initiatives
that began with the establishment of a hotline between the White House and the
Kremlin to allow direct, immediate communication. It stretched a unilateral
moratorium on atmospheric tests of nuclear weapons to the beginning of
negotiations that concluded with the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty - which
limits the number of new nuclear-weapon states.

To be clear, Kennedy never wavered on America's containment strategy that sought
to prevent Soviet expansion by the use of military force. But he opened his mind
to the possibility that the US could nonetheless find some way to live with a
committed adversary. As he stated clearly in his 1963 American University
speech, his main takeaway from the missile crisis was a categorical imperative:
"above all, while defending our vital interests, nuclear powers must avert
confrontations that bring an adversary to a choice of either humiliating retreat
or nuclear war."

How were such confrontations to be averted? Not, he answered, by a "Pax
Americana enforced by American weapons of war". Not by insisting that "the
leaders of the Soviet Union adopt a more enlightened attitude".

Instead, he argued that we recognize that "in the final analysis, we all inhabit
this small planet. We all breathe the same air. We all cherish our children's
future. And we are all mortal." And thus, he concluded, while never "being blind
to our differences, let us also direct attention to our common interests and to
the means by which those differences can be resolved. And if we cannot end now
our differences, at least we can help make the world safe for diversity."

It was a profound thought. It required, in effect, embracing simultaneously two
almost contradictory propositions. But over the decades that followed, the two
countries with fundamentally incompatible political philosophies found ways to
avoid military confrontations as they engaged in fierce but peaceful
competition.

It is instructive to consider the similarities between Kennedy's idea and former
premier Zhou Enlai's "Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence" enshrined in
China's Constitution: mutual respect for each other's territorial integrity and
sovereignty; mutual non-aggression; mutual noninterference in each other's
internal affairs; equality and cooperation for mutual benefit; and peaceful
coexistence. President Xi Jinping has affirmed that these bedrock principles
"constitute the cornerstone of China's foreign policy".

Taken together, these two streams of thought could inform a joint effort by US
and Chinese leaders to develop a new strategic concept. One that channels the
"Thucydidean" rivalry toward a new form of peaceful competition that preserves
both countries' vital national interests and prevents them from falling into a
war that could destroy what they value most.

The author is former director of the Belfer Center for Science and International
Affairs and Douglas Dillon professor of government at the Harvard Kennedy School
of Government, where he served as founding dean.

(China Daily 12/17/2018 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/69/154513018851.jpg

a41f726b05111d812e6d1e.jpg


                             478 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            December 17, 2018 Monday

HEADLINE: Huawei focus for West's prejudicial view of China

BODY:

A politically-motivated cloud is obviously gathering over China's private
telecom technology giant Huawei. It was reported that the telecommunications
company Orange has ruled out using Huawei products in its core 5G network in
France and Germany's Deutsche Telecom says it's reviewing purchases of Huawei
equipment.

Australia and New Zealand have already announced their decision to block Huawei
from getting involved in the building of their 5G networks. While in the United
Kingdom BT announced the week before last it was stripping Huawei equipment from
its core 4G cellular network.

Given the repeated reports about Washington's pushing of its allies to shun
Huawei equipment and technology, it is difficult not to view the detention of
Huawei's chief financial officer in Canada early this month at the request of
the United States as being politically motivated. It is therefore reasonable to
believe the reports of a clandestine meeting by the "Five Eyes" countries to
plan a way to strangle the development of Huawei.

National security is the excuse they use. Yet none of them have shown any
evidence that Huawei's equipment or technology has deliberately been designed to
place their national security at risk. There is also no solid evidence that
Huawei is using its equipment or technology to gather intelligence for the
Chinese government.

Washington would not consider Huawei as the nail that must be hammered were the
Chinese company not one of the technology leaders in the telecoms industry.
Indeed, it probably wouldn't have noticed it, had Huawei not stood out as China
has grown to be the world's second-largest economy.

It is therefore not how Huawei has fared that is at issue, nor how China has
developed. It is how Washington looks at China and Huawei that matters. To put
it bluntly, it is Washington's fear that China may overtake the US to be the
world's largest economy and a global technology leader in the near future that
has alarmed Washington.

It should therefore go without saying that Huawei, a private company that is
committed to the development of telecom and mobile communications technology and
equipment, has been unfairly treated.

The political bias against Huawei among Western countries is undoubtedly
detrimental to the overall development of the telecoms and mobile telecoms
sector worldwide, as will not be able to concentrate the most advanced
technology and equipment worldwide for its advancement of 5G networks.

We can hardly expect much of what is in store for the development of the world
economy and globalization unless the US and its allies change their mentality.

(China Daily 12/17/2018 page8)


                             479 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 15, 2018 Saturday

HEADLINE: Diplomat says Meng case based on politics

BYLINE: Mo Jingxi

BODY:

A senior Chinese diplomat has said that Canada's detention of a top Chinese
executive is not a mere judicial case but a premeditated political action.

It is a case in which the United States wields its governmental power in a witch
hunt against a Chinese high-tech company based on political considerations, Lu
Shaye, China's ambassador to Ottawa, wrote in an article published in Canadian
newspaper The Globe and Mail on Thursday.

Meng Wanzhou, chief financial officer of Huawei Technologies Co, was arrested in
Canada while transferring in Vancouver to a flight to Mexico on Dec 1. On
Tuesday, Meng was released on bail of C$10 million ($7.5 million) pending a
hearing on possible extradition to the US.

"It all comes down to the fact that many still have a stale, Cold War mentality,
believing that China - a socialist country led by the Communist Party of China -
is an abnormal country," Lu wrote.

They are worried that China is catching up to Western countries too quickly, and
that it will surpass them economically as well as in science and technology, he
added.

According to Lu, the reason behind all the bullying behaviors of the US is that
it pursues power politics against other countries, relying on its huge advantage
in national strength.

As for Canada, it detained Meng in an unreasonable way given that she has not
been charged with anything under Canadian law, which is clearly not judicial
independence but a miscarriage of justice, he wrote.

Lu also wrote that it is gratifying to see that many Canadians have criticized
the their government for its unreasonable behavior.

"The Chinese people used to have a favorable impression of Canada. But Canada's
behavior this time has chilled their feelings," he wrote.

US constitutional lawyer Bruce Fein told China Central Television news channel
CGTN that breaking Iran sanctions is a trivial concern for US national security
and these kinds of violations are routinely handled with a civil fine.

"All those irregularities suggest there is a political motivation behind this,"
he said.

If the Canadians conclude that the motivation behind this particular arrest and
extradition request was not really based on law enforcement, but to send a
political signal to China, that would exempt Meng from extradition, he added.

mojingxi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/15/2018 page1)


                             480 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            December 14, 2018 Friday

HEADLINE: Politicized law enforcement Washington's predilection

BODY:

When US State Department spokesman Robert Palladino remarked that the US
condemns "all forms of arbitrary detention" on Tuesday, he was commenting on
reports that two Canadians have been detained in China.

It would have been welcome and proper if that remark had applied to the
detention of Huawei executive Meng Wanzhou by the Canadian authorities at
Washington's request. However, it seems the condemnation Palladino conveyed was
directed solely at Beijing.

His words were more revealing of how Washington operates rather than Beijing.
Washington naturally assumes the compulsory measures Beijing has taken are
politically motivated - an expedient move on Beijing's part to retaliate against
Ottawa - since that is how it operates.

While the timing may have led others to draw the same conclusion, Ottawa has
found no indication of any such link, and Beijing has not expressed any
cause-and-effect connections. Instead, it has clarified that the two Canadian
nationals are being questioned about illegal activities that may threaten
national security.

To suggest that Beijing, indignant at the arbitrary detention of a Chinese
citizen, may now be embarking on some kind of detention spree, locking up
visiting Canadians or Americans willy-nilly, merely shows how removed from
reality Washington is - or perhaps how intent it is on trying to persuade
companies to invest elsewhere.

That this is the impression Washington wants to create is reinforced by reports
that it is considering issuing a warning to US citizens, including executives,
traveling to China, suggesting they are at risk of being used in retaliation for
the detention of Meng.

Interpreting Beijing's investigation into possible illegal activities in this
way represents a serious misreading of the matter, as well as that of China as a
country - portraying, as it does, a stubborn, biased picture of China as a
lawless state.

Actually, it is Washington's abusive and politicized use of long-arm
jurisdiction - which it claims is simply domestic law enforcement - that has
triggered concerns over the travel safety among business people. And Chinese
people are also weighing how safe it is for them to visit Canada.

For its need of and commitment to greater openness, China cannot afford the
image of having no respect for the rule of law. No innocent foreign nationals,
wherever they are from, should fear for their safety visiting or living in
China. It seems the same cannot be said of foreign nationals stepping onto
Canadian soil, even if they are only changing planes.

(China Daily 12/14/2018 page8)


                             481 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            December 14, 2018 Friday

HEADLINE: Beijing confirms 2 Canadians under probe

BYLINE: Cao Desheng

BODY:

Beijing confirmed on Thursday that two Canadians who are suspected of engaging
in activities endangering national security have been placed under compulsory
measures in accordance with Chinese laws.

Speaking at a regular news conference, Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said
the two Canadians are under investigation, respectively, by national security
authorities in Beijing and Dandong, Liaoning province.

Lu was speaking in response to a question about the disappearance of Canadian
former diplomat Michael Kovrig and a Canadian businessman, Michael Spavor.

The Canadian embassy was promptly informed about the cases, and the legitimate
rights and interests of the two Canadians are being safeguarded, Lu said. The
compulsory measures put upon the Canadians started on Monday, Lu added..

Kovrig was reported to work for the International Crisis Group and Spavor was
said to operate a tourist company in Dandong, Liaoning province.

When asked whether the compulsory measures imposed on the Canadians were related
to the arrest in Vancouver of Huawei Chief Financial Officer Meng Wanzhou on Dec
1 at the request of Washington, Lu said authorities' handling of the two cases
is in accord with China's Criminal Law and Criminal Procedure Law. Lu demanded
that Canada correct its wrongdoing and release her immediately.

Meng, 46, has been granted bail in Canada, but she is confined to Vancouver and
its suburbs. Her extradition to the US for alleged Iran sanctions-breaking
dealings remains a possibility.

Lu addressed what has been called concerns over Canadians' security in China,
saying China welcomes foreigners to travel, study and do business in the
country, and no worry is justified as long as they abide by Chinese laws and
regulations.

Over 780,000 trips to China by Canadians took place between January and
November, and the Canadian people will arrive at a conclusion about whether
China is safe or not, he said.

caodesheng@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/14/2018 page1)


                             482 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            December 14, 2018 Friday

HEADLINE: Samsung shifts tactics, as local firms dial up pressure

BYLINE: Fan Feifei

BODY:

South Korean technology giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd says it has "come back
to the battlefield", and will take on China's rising brands with a new
youth-oriented strategy, as it seeks to reclaim lost sales in the world's
largest smartphone market.

Despite being the world's biggest smartphone maker, Samsung sales are close to
negligible in China. According to Strategy Analytics, in the second quarter,
Samsung sales made up less than 1 percent of the Chinese market.

The falls have forced Samsung to scale back its production in China. It is
reportedly closing its factory in Tianjin after it ended production in Shenzhen,
Guangdong province in April.

Now the firm says it is hitting back with new strategies, especially aimed at
China's young consumers.

Innovative and cutting-edge technologies will go to Samsung's mid-range
smartphones first, said Kwon Gye-hyun, president of Samsung Electronics China
operations, at the launch ceremony of the mid-range Galaxy A8s.

The phone, which is designed for Chinese consumers, is the first to have
Samsung's Infinity-O display, which sports a true bezel-less screen, and a small
hole in the display to house the selfie camera. The design - dubbed by some as a
'punch hole' - aims to be less intrusive than the recent trend of having a
notched screen.

In addition, the company will continue its strategy of celebrity endorsement,
such as when popular actors Zhu Yawen and Jing Boran appeared at the launch
ceremony of its Galaxy S9 and S9+ in March in Guangzhou.

In October, Samsung unveiled two new Galaxy A series phones, the Galaxy A6s and
Galaxy A9s, looking to appeal to the twin passions of young Chinese: photography
and social media.

The firm will also soon launch customized products for female consumers, helping
with selfie and facial beautification.

Samsung is fully prepared and fearless to face any challenges in the world's
most competitive market, and smartphones that prove themselves in China will be
rolled out globally, Kwon said.

In an earlier interview, he said the company will ramp up its efforts in sports
marketing and localization in China. It will also carry out in-depth cooperation
with Chinese commercial giant Suning Holdings Group in both its online and
offline retail channels.

Samsung has a long way to go if it is to reclaim its spot as China's
best-selling smartphone brand, a title it last held in 2013.

"Samsung still lags behind its local competitors such as Huawei, Vivo, Oppo and
Xiaomi in terms of shipments and market share; it should make more efforts in
strengthening brand building, and expanding offline and online retail channels,"
said Jia Mo, a research analyst with technology consultancy Canalys.

Jia noted the competition in China's smartphone market is fierce, as Samsung's
archrivals have also stepped up their technology.

Honor, one of the twin signature smartphone brands owned by Huawei Technologies
Co Ltd, unveiled on Monday its Honor V20 model, which also features an
all-screen display and a small punch-hole camera.

In January, Vivo Communication Technology Co Ltd released its X20 Plus UD, the
world's first smartphone to ship with an in-screen fingerprint reader.

Huawei's own P20 Pro has picked up numerous international awards for its triple
camera setup.

Samsung once again remained the global leader in the smartphone market, shipping
72.2 million units in the third quarter of the year, despite a 13.4 percent
decline in shipments from last year. Meanwhile, Huawei has leapfrogged Apple Inc
into second place.

According to IDC, Samsung is losing most ground on mid-range and cheaper
smartphones.

fanfeifei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/14/2018 page16)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/26/154474856479.jpg

a41f726b05111d7d3b891d.jpg


                             483 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            December 14, 2018 Friday

HEADLINE: Samsung shifts tactics, as local firms dial up pressure

BYLINE: Fan Feifei

BODY:

South Korean technology giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd says it has "come back
to the battlefield", and will take on China's rising brands with a new
youth-oriented strategy, as it seeks to reclaim lost sales in the world's
largest smartphone market.

Despite being the world's biggest smartphone maker, Samsung sales are close to
negligible in China. According to Strategy Analytics, in the second quarter,
Samsung sales made up less than 1 percent of the Chinese market.

The falls have forced Samsung to scale back its production in China. It is
reportedly closing its factory in Tianjin after it ended production in Shenzhen,
Guangdong province in April.

Now the firm says it is hitting back with new strategies, especially aimed at
China's young consumers.

Innovative and cutting-edge technologies will go to Samsung's mid-range
smartphones first, said Kwon Gye-hyun, president of Samsung Electronics China
operations, at the launch ceremony of the mid-range Galaxy A8s.

The phone, which is designed for Chinese consumers, is the first to have
Samsung's Infinity-O display, which sports a true bezel-less screen, and a small
hole in the display to house the selfie camera. The design - dubbed by some as a
'punch hole' - aims to be less intrusive than the recent trend of having a
notched screen.

In addition, the company will continue its strategy of celebrity endorsement,
such as when popular actors Zhu Yawen and Jing Boran appeared at the launch
ceremony of its Galaxy S9 and S9+ in March in Guangzhou.

In October, Samsung unveiled two new Galaxy A series phones, the Galaxy A6s and
Galaxy A9s, looking to appeal to the twin passions of young Chinese: photography
and social media.

The firm will also soon launch customized products for female consumers, helping
with selfie and facial beautification.

Samsung is fully prepared and fearless to face any challenges in the world's
most competitive market, and smartphones that prove themselves in China will be
rolled out globally, Kwon said.

In an earlier interview, he said the company will ramp up its efforts in sports
marketing and localization in China. It will also carry out in-depth cooperation
with Chinese commercial giant Suning Holdings Group in both its online and
offline retail channels.

Samsung has a long way to go if it is to reclaim its spot as China's
best-selling smartphone brand, a title it last held in 2013.

"Samsung still lags behind its local competitors such as Huawei, Vivo, Oppo and
Xiaomi in terms of shipments and market share; it should make more efforts in
strengthening brand building, and expanding offline and online retail channels,"
said Jia Mo, a research analyst with technology consultancy Canalys.

Jia noted the competition in China's smartphone market is fierce, as Samsung's
archrivals have also stepped up their technology.

Honor, one of the twin signature smartphone brands owned by Huawei Technologies
Co Ltd, unveiled on Monday its Honor V20 model, which also features an
all-screen display and a small punch-hole camera.

In January, Vivo Communication Technology Co Ltd released its X20 Plus UD, the
world's first smartphone to ship with an in-screen fingerprint reader.

Huawei's own P20 Pro has picked up numerous international awards for its triple
camera setup.

Samsung once again remained the global leader in the smartphone market, shipping
72.2 million units in the third quarter of the year, despite a 13.4 percent
decline in shipments from last year. Meanwhile, Huawei has leapfrogged Apple Inc
into second place.

According to IDC, Samsung is losing most ground on mid-range and cheaper
smartphones.

fanfeifei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/14/2018 page16)


                             484 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 13, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Kidnapping of Meng due to US worries that it is in decline

BODY:

Editor's note: The detention of Meng Wanzhou, Huawei's chief financial officer,
by Canada at the behest of the United States is a political kidnap, comments
Shen Yi, a researcher of politics at Shanghai-based Fudan University, in a post
published by Guancha.cn. Excerpts:

Obviously, Washington intended to use Meng as a weight to gain an upper hand in
the 90-day trade negotiations with China.

Facing a rising China, the anxiety of Washington is understandable. Otherwise,
it would not have risked everyone's condemnation to ask Canada to hold Meng for
ransom, a dirty trick.

If the plot of Meng's case becomes a conventional practice, large numbers of
entrepreneurs around the world face the threat of losing their freedom because
of unilateral long-arm law enforcement.

The US is abusing its power. The country takes it for granted that all its
illnesses can be cured by coercing others to take the medicines it prescribes.
This trend has become increasingly evident since the presidential election in
2016.

Beijing has made the sensible decision of practicing restraint so far, treating
the case as a separate one from the ongoing trade frictions. And Huawei's calm
and concise reaction also passes the buck to the US side.

The relative decline of the US' power prompted it to act hysterically under the
influence of domestic politics. The growing political decay has spread serious
out-of-control behavior, of which Meng's abduction is just the latest
embodiment.

How to deal with the irrational and headstrong US is a test that China cannot
steer clear of in the process of its rise.

(China Daily 12/13/2018 page5)


                             485 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 13, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Canada should choose right course and not play US game

BODY:

A Canadian court granted bail to Meng Wanzhou, chief financial officer of Huawei
Technologies, on Tuesday, which is a step in the right direction. But it is only
a small one, and the diplomatic incident, which has been manufactured by
Washington using Ottawa as a tool to manipulate the extradition system for
political not legal ends, is still far from over.

There are strict conditions for Meng's release, but Canada said that so far the
United States has not formally requested her extradition. If the US does not
formally request it within 60 days from the date of her detention, Meng will be
released.

Considering that Beijing and Washington are in the process of restarting a fresh
round of negotiations aimed at bringing an end to trade frictions between them,
the timing of Meng's detention and whether or not the US will pursue her
extradition has sparked a lot of speculation.

The conjecture that her detention is a bargaining chip in the 90-day-deadlined
trade negotiations between the US and China was seemingly given substance by the
remarks of US President Donald Trump on Tuesday, when in an interview with
Reuters, he said he would intervene in the case if it would help seal a trade
deal with China.

It goes without saying that the Chinese government will keep a close watch on
Meng's case and will do whatever it takes to ensure she gets a fair hearing, but
Washington is mistaken if it thinks it can take Meng hostage and ransom her for
concessions in the upcoming trade talks.

Likewise Canada is mistaken if it believes that a former diplomat's detention is
linked to Meng's arrest. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang commenting
on Meng's bail on Wednesday made it clear that Michael Kovrig has been detained
for questioning about possible illegal activities in China relating to his work
with an NGO, which being unregistered means he and the NGO have violated the
law.

Instead of complicating Meng's detention by trying to link it to other issues,
Canada and the US should show political wisdom and untangle the various issues
so that they can be resolved in the correct way.

Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said that Kovrig's detention
has attention at the very highest level of government, which is all well and
good. But the highest attention should also be given to Ottawa's actions in the
service of Washington. Canada's willingness to play ball with the US in the
games it is playing with China has badly damaged its image among Chinese people
and will only gravely harm bilateral relations.

As Lu said, Meng's detention was a mistake from the start and China's request is
very clear - Canada should immediately release Meng and protect her legitimate
rights and interests.

(China Daily 12/13/2018 page5)


                             486 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 13, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Huawei CFO released on bail in Vancouver

BYLINE: Cui Jia in Beijing and William Hennelly in New York

BODY:

Meng Wanzhou, Huawei's chief financial officer, has been released on bail in
Canada, but her extradition to the United States for alleged Iran
sanctions-breaking dealings remains a possibility.

"The development of the case is very likely to be influenced by political
pressure, and the arrest and possible trial may raise China-US tensions in trade
negotiations," said Huang Feng, an international criminal law professor at
Beijing Normal University and an expert on extradition law, on Wednesday.

Meng, 46, the daughter of Huawei founder Ren Zhengfei, was detained on Dec 1 at
Vancouver International Airport following an arrest warrant issued by the US
government concerning fraud allegations.

A Canadian prosecutor argued on Friday during Meng's bail hearing that she
committed fraud in 2013 by telling financial institutions that Huawei
Technologies Co Ltd had no connection to Skycom, a company that reportedly was
selling US goods to Iran in violation of US sanctions. Meng's lawyers denied the
charges, saying Huawei sold Skycom in 2009, according to The Washington Post.

Justice William Ehrcke, at a court hearing in Vancouver on Tuesday, granted bail
to Meng, subject to a guarantee of C$10 million ($7.5 million) and other
conditions.

"I'm satisfied that on the particular facts of this case, including the fact
that Ms. Meng is a well-educated businesswoman who has no criminal record and of
whom several people have attested to her good character, the risk of her
nonattendance in court can be reduced to an acceptable level," Ehrcke said.

Meng, who owns two homes in Vancouver, will be subject to surveillance at one of
them and must surrender her Chinese and Hong Kong passports to authorities. The
judge also ordered Meng, a mother of four, not to approach the regional airport,
to wear a GPS tracker, pay for security surveillance and agree to unannounced
police visits.

On Wednesday, Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang expressed disapproval of Meng's
detention. "We've clearly stated our position on this issue to the Canadian and
US governments, asking them to correct the mistake immediately and release
Meng," Lu said at a regular news briefing in Beijing.

When asked whether China welcomed US President Donald Trump's possible
intervention in the case, Lu said if anyone from the US side, especially leaders
and high-level government officials, is willing to make positive efforts to
resolve the issue, is of course welcome.

Reuters reported on Tuesday that Trump said he would intervene with the US
Justice Department in the case against Meng if it would help secure a trade deal
with Beijing.

"If I think it's good for the country, if I think it's good for what will be
certainly the largest trade deal ever made - which is a very important thing -
what's good for national security - I would certainly intervene if I thought it
was necessary," Trump was quoted as saying.

On Wednesday afternoon, Huawei released a screenshot of Meng's latest entry on
her WeChat account, a popular Chinese social media platform.

"I'm in Vancouver and back with my family. I'm proud of Huawei and my country!"
the entry reads. She also posted a Huawei advertisement featuring French writer
Romain Rolland's quote: "Suffering is behind great things".

Huawei also issued a statement on Wednesday, saying the company has "every
confidence" that the Canadian and US legal systems will reach a just conclusion
in the proceedings. The company added that it complies with all applicable laws
and regulations in the countries it operates in, including export control and
sanction laws of the United Nations, the US and the European Union.

Lengthy process may follow

The US has 60 days from the arrest date to turn over its full extradition case
with supporting evidence. Huang, the Chinese professor, said the US government
will take full advantage of the 60 days and try to extract evidence from Meng's
personal belongings obtained during her arrest to build its case, which is
"pretty shaky at the moment, based on the information on the arrest warrant".

If Washington's request to have Meng extradited to the US succeeds, it could be
a "very lengthy" period before any verdict can be reached, which may take years
considering the time for trials and appeals, Huang said. "At this stage, being
released on bail is an ideal outcome, but the real legal battle hasn't started
yet."

Jeffrey Sachs, a professor of health policy and management at Columbia
University, said in an opinion website Project Syndicate on Tuesday that Meng's
arrest may have commercial motives. "The US is trying to target Huawei,
especially because of the company's success in marketing cutting-edge 5G
technologies globally," wrote Sachs, who is also the director of Columbia's
Center for Sustainable Development and of the UN's Sustainable Development
Solutions Network.

Shenzhen-based Huawei is the world's largest supplier of telecommunications
network equipment and the second-biggest maker of smartphones, with revenue of
about $92 billion last year.

"The US claims the company poses a specific security risk through hidden
surveillance capabilities in its hardware and software. Yet the US government
has provided no evidence for this claim," he wrote.

Sachs compared Huawei's case to those of a large number of companies that have
violated US sanctions against Iran and other countries. "In 2011, for example,
JPMorgan Chase paid $88.3 million in fines for violating US sanctions against
Cuba, Iran and Sudan. Yet (CEO) Jamie Dimon wasn't whisked into custody."

In an opinion piece in The Washington Post, financial affairs author Zachary
Karabell wrote, "The quest against Huawei is a ridiculous overreach - predicated
on an assumption that the US can dictate how foreign competitors conduct
business."

More important, he wrote, global supply chains are now deeply interconnected and
touch multiple countries and numerous companies. Samsung, for instance, is the
second largest cellphone provider in Iran, behind Huawei, while Sweden's
Ericsson has been selling equipment to Iran, even under sanctions.

Ma Si and Mo Jingxi contributed to this story.

Contact the writers at cuijia@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/13/2018 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/9/154466208210.jpg

00221917e13e1d7be61d15.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/51/154466208248.jpg

00221917e13e1d7be62316.jpg


                             487 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 13, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: On our Sina Weibo

BODY:

Nobel laureate to attend 2019 Big Data Expo

Paul Romer, an economist from the United States and co-recipient of the 2018
Nobel Prize in economics along with William Nordhaus, has been invited to the
China International Big Data Industry Expo to be held in Guiyang, Guizhou
province, in May. Romer won the prize "for integrating technological innovations
into long-run macroeconomic analysis". At the expo, Romer will share his views
on the digital economy in a series of speeches on urban transition and inclusive
growth, as well as motivations for urban endogenous growth.

How to deal with a hangover the day after

Did you have one drink or a few too many last night, and now you're paying the
price? A hangover is, in basic terms, the body attempting to deal with an
excessive intake of toxins. Everyone seems to have a foolproof cure for a
hangover, but the truth is that time is the best remedy. There are helpful ways
to deal with that hangover the next day as you wait for it to pass. Rehydrate
your body. Manage painful symptoms with medications. Know your limitations. Get
some fresh air. Of course, the most important thing is to prevent the next
hangover.

Canada Goose boycott 'possible' over Huawei

Chinese consumers seem to have kicked off a boycott of Canadian goods with the
popular Canada Goose brand hit first after a senior Huawei executive recently
was banned from leaving Canada. The rejection of Canadian goods may expand,
experts and consumers told the Global Times on Monday. Toronto-based Canada
Goose, known for its parkas and winter wear, saw its shares plunge by 8.44
percent and 6.64 percent respectively on the New York Stock Exchange last
Thursday and Friday.

Check more posts online.

(China Daily 12/13/2018 page22)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/90/154466208707.jpg

a41f726b05111d7be0bf30.jpg


                             488 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 13, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Bosideng warms up, Canada Goose suffers chill

BYLINE: Ouyang Shijia and Wang Zhuoqiong

BODY:

While the ice-cold winter weather has brought subzero temperatures to parts of
the world, two winter-coat heavyweights are experiencing markedly different
business climates.

Shares of Canada Goose Holdings Inc, the maker of premium parkas, slumped almost
20 percent during the past week on the Nasdaq. During the same period, Hong
Kong-listed Chinese down-coat maker Bosideng International Holdings Ltd, surged
14 percent to a five-year high.

Analysts noted that the fluctuation of Canada Goose's stock prices has been
impacted by the recent social criticism of the killing of wild animals. Some
experts said the apparel company's stocks have been impacted by the arrest of
Meng Wanzhou, chief financial officer of Huawei Technologies Co.

Seeing China's key role in the global luxury market, Canada Goose announced its
expansion strategy in China in May this year. Owning an office in Shanghai, it
now has an online presence via Chinese e-commerce platform Tmall and operates an
offline shop in Hong Kong. A new flagship store will be launched in Beijing this
month.

"This was the right time for us to open a headquarters in China," Dani Reiss,
chief executive officer of Canada Goose, said recently.

"We've been interacting with Chinese consumers even from the online environment
and our global stores. We know we have a high brand awareness here. And the new
move will help offer that experience in this country," Reiss added.

Statistics from Alibaba show around 500,000 people visited Canada Goose's online
store on Alibaba's Tmall platform during the annual Singles' Day shopping
festival on Nov 11. During the annual shopping frenzy, consumers spent more than
10 million yuan ($1.5 million) in around an hour on Canada Goose's Tmall shop.

For the second quarter ended Sept 30, Canada Goose reported a total revenue
growth of 33.7 percent year-on-year to $174 million.

In recent years, Bosideng accelerated its upgrading strategy and has already
reaped the rewards. During the first half of this year, the company's revenue
increased 16.4 percent to 3.44 billion yuan. It reported that revenue of its
branded down apparel business segment jumped by 19.5 percent year-on-year to
1.77 billion yuan.

Xu Haoyu contributed to this story.

Contact the writers at ouyangshijia@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/13/2018 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/68/154466209492.jpg

a41f726b05111d7bde0b0a.jpg


                             489 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 13, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Kidnapping of Meng due to US worries that it is in decline

BODY:

Editor's note: The detention of Meng Wanzhou, Huawei's chief financial officer,
by Canada at the behest of the United States is a political kidnap, comments
Shen Yi, a researcher of politics at Shanghai-based Fudan University, in a post
published by Guancha.cn. Excerpts:

Obviously, Washington intended to use Meng as a weight to gain an upper hand in
the 90-day trade negotiations with China.

Facing a rising China, the anxiety of Washington is understandable. Otherwise,
it would not have risked everyone's condemnation to ask Canada to hold Meng for
ransom, a dirty trick.

If the plot of Meng's case becomes a conventional practice, large numbers of
entrepreneurs around the world face the threat of losing their freedom because
of unilateral long-arm law enforcement.

The US is abusing its power. The country takes it for granted that all its
illnesses can be cured by coercing others to take the medicines it prescribes.
This trend has become increasingly evident since the presidential election in
2016.

Beijing has made the sensible decision of practicing restraint so far, treating
the case as a separate one from the ongoing trade frictions. And Huawei's calm
and concise reaction also passes the buck to the US side.

The relative decline of the US' power prompted it to act hysterically under the
influence of domestic politics. The growing political decay has spread serious
out-of-control behavior, of which Meng's abduction is just the latest
embodiment.

How to deal with the irrational and headstrong US is a test that China cannot
steer clear of in the process of its rise.

(China Daily 12/13/2018 page5)


                             490 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 13, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Canada should choose right course and not play US game

BODY:

A Canadian court granted bail to Meng Wanzhou, chief financial officer of Huawei
Technologies, on Tuesday, which is a step in the right direction. But it is only
a small one, and the diplomatic incident, which has been manufactured by
Washington using Ottawa as a tool to manipulate the extradition system for
political not legal ends, is still far from over.

There are strict conditions for Meng's release, but Canada said that so far the
United States has not formally requested her extradition. If the US does not
formally request it within 60 days from the date of her detention, Meng will be
released.

Considering that Beijing and Washington are in the process of restarting a fresh
round of negotiations aimed at bringing an end to trade frictions between them,
the timing of Meng's detention and whether or not the US will pursue her
extradition has sparked a lot of speculation.

The conjecture that her detention is a bargaining chip in the 90-day-deadlined
trade negotiations between the US and China was seemingly given substance by the
remarks of US President Donald Trump on Tuesday, when in an interview with
Reuters, he said he would intervene in the case if it would help seal a trade
deal with China.

It goes without saying that the Chinese government will keep a close watch on
Meng's case and will do whatever it takes to ensure she gets a fair hearing, but
Washington is mistaken if it thinks it can take Meng hostage and ransom her for
concessions in the upcoming trade talks.

Likewise Canada is mistaken if it believes that a former diplomat's detention is
linked to Meng's arrest. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang commenting
on Meng's bail on Wednesday made it clear that Michael Kovrig has been detained
for questioning about possible illegal activities in China relating to his work
with an NGO, which being unregistered means he and the NGO have violated the
law.

Instead of complicating Meng's detention by trying to link it to other issues,
Canada and the US should show political wisdom and untangle the various issues
so that they can be resolved in the correct way.

Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said that Kovrig's detention
has attention at the very highest level of government, which is all well and
good. But the highest attention should also be given to Ottawa's actions in the
service of Washington. Canada's willingness to play ball with the US in the
games it is playing with China has badly damaged its image among Chinese people
and will only gravely harm bilateral relations.

As Lu said, Meng's detention was a mistake from the start and China's request is
very clear - Canada should immediately release Meng and protect her legitimate
rights and interests.

(China Daily 12/13/2018 page5)


                             491 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 13, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: On our Sina Weibo

BODY:

Nobel laureate to attend 2019 Big Data Expo

Paul Romer, an economist from the United States and co-recipient of the 2018
Nobel Prize in economics along with William Nordhaus, has been invited to the
China International Big Data Industry Expo to be held in Guiyang, Guizhou
province, in May. Romer won the prize "for integrating technological innovations
into long-run macroeconomic analysis". At the expo, Romer will share his views
on the digital economy in a series of speeches on urban transition and inclusive
growth, as well as motivations for urban endogenous growth.

How to deal with a hangover the day after

Did you have one drink or a few too many last night, and now you're paying the
price? A hangover is, in basic terms, the body attempting to deal with an
excessive intake of toxins. Everyone seems to have a foolproof cure for a
hangover, but the truth is that time is the best remedy. There are helpful ways
to deal with that hangover the next day as you wait for it to pass. Rehydrate
your body. Manage painful symptoms with medications. Know your limitations. Get
some fresh air. Of course, the most important thing is to prevent the next
hangover.

Canada Goose boycott 'possible' over Huawei

Chinese consumers seem to have kicked off a boycott of Canadian goods with the
popular Canada Goose brand hit first after a senior Huawei executive recently
was banned from leaving Canada. The rejection of Canadian goods may expand,
experts and consumers told the Global Times on Monday. Toronto-based Canada
Goose, known for its parkas and winter wear, saw its shares plunge by 8.44
percent and 6.64 percent respectively on the New York Stock Exchange last
Thursday and Friday.

Check more posts online.

(China Daily 12/13/2018 page22)


                             492 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 13, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Bosideng warms up, Canada Goose suffers chill

BYLINE: Ouyang Shijia and Wang Zhuoqiong

BODY:

While the ice-cold winter weather has brought subzero temperatures to parts of
the world, two winter-coat heavyweights are experiencing markedly different
business climates.

Shares of Canada Goose Holdings Inc, the maker of premium parkas, slumped almost
20 percent during the past week on the Nasdaq. During the same period, Hong
Kong-listed Chinese down-coat maker Bosideng International Holdings Ltd, surged
14 percent to a five-year high.

Analysts noted that the fluctuation of Canada Goose's stock prices has been
impacted by the recent social criticism of the killing of wild animals. Some
experts said the apparel company's stocks have been impacted by the arrest of
Meng Wanzhou, chief financial officer of Huawei Technologies Co.

Seeing China's key role in the global luxury market, Canada Goose announced its
expansion strategy in China in May this year. Owning an office in Shanghai, it
now has an online presence via Chinese e-commerce platform Tmall and operates an
offline shop in Hong Kong. A new flagship store will be launched in Beijing this
month.

"This was the right time for us to open a headquarters in China," Dani Reiss,
chief executive officer of Canada Goose, said recently.

"We've been interacting with Chinese consumers even from the online environment
and our global stores. We know we have a high brand awareness here. And the new
move will help offer that experience in this country," Reiss added.

Statistics from Alibaba show around 500,000 people visited Canada Goose's online
store on Alibaba's Tmall platform during the annual Singles' Day shopping
festival on Nov 11. During the annual shopping frenzy, consumers spent more than
10 million yuan ($1.5 million) in around an hour on Canada Goose's Tmall shop.

For the second quarter ended Sept 30, Canada Goose reported a total revenue
growth of 33.7 percent year-on-year to $174 million.

In recent years, Bosideng accelerated its upgrading strategy and has already
reaped the rewards. During the first half of this year, the company's revenue
increased 16.4 percent to 3.44 billion yuan. It reported that revenue of its
branded down apparel business segment jumped by 19.5 percent year-on-year to
1.77 billion yuan.

Xu Haoyu contributed to this story.

Contact the writers at ouyangshijia@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/13/2018 page13)


                             493 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                          December 12, 2018 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Attack on Huawei part of US bid to open second front

BODY:

Editor's note: Canada detained Meng Wanzhou, Huawei's chief financial officer,
on Dec 1 as requested by the US judicial authorities, which claims Huawei has
violated the sanctions the United States has imposed on Iran. Wen Yang, a
researcher of politics with the Shanghai-based Fudan University, comments in a
post published by Guancha.cn:

The long-arm law enforcement in this case is more political than judicial. China
should be clearheaded that the trade conflict the US initiated is only a
pretense of its true intention of starting a "technology war" with its foremost
competitor.

From ZTE in April to Fujian Jinhua Integrated Circuit Company in October, and
Huawei in December, Washington's tactics have become evident. It aims to strike
at China's innovative enterprises.

It is almost predictable that Huawei will not be the last Chinese company that
the US will target. The US must have a well-prepared plan for waging this
campaign, but China is still considering its countermeasures as if the actions
of the US are merely skirmishes. China has never put any competitive US
enterprises in its cross hairs, instead it welcomes them.

Although the US is grabbing for a yard after taking an inch, China still shows
great restraint in separating the detention of Meng Wanzhou from the ongoing
"trade friction" with the US, as it is making every effort to defuse the
tensions.

But that will not prevent a fourth Chinese enterprise being targeted by the US.
Now is the time for China to prepare for the next strike from the US and even
organize effective and low-intensity counterattacks, if necessary, to defend its
bottom line and dignity. It should discard any lingering illusion it may have
that the US will cease and desist.

Nevertheless, it is almost predictable that Beijing will continue to practice
its strategic restraint as it does not seek to challenge the global leadership
of the US, and is always ready to agree a truce.

China firmly believes that the interests of the two countries are interwoven and
that the trends of history are on its side. Which consolidates its confidence
with its strategic choices.

(China Daily 12/12/2018 page8)


                             494 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                          December 12, 2018 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Huawei case shows US twists laws at will

BODY:

Editor's note: At the behest of the United States, the Canadian authorities
detained Meng Wanzhou, chief financial officer of Chinese telecom giant Huawei,
while she was in transit at Vancouver airport on Dec 1. Calling for Meng's
release, China has urged the US and Canada to explain the case. What impact will
the case have on China's ties with the US and Canada? Two experts share their
views on the issue with China Daily's Liu Jianna. Excerpts follow:

Detention a big blow to Sino-US relations

There is no doubt the detention of Meng was planned much before the
much-anticipated summit between the two countries' leaders on Dec 1. Or, rather,
like the China-US trade dispute, the incident is part of the US' larger
surgical-strike plan against some Chinese high-tech companies. So is the
proscription on the sale of products by some US companies to Chinese chipmaker
Fujian Jinhua Integrated Circuit Co.

The frequent targeting of Chinese high-tech companies signifies not only the US
administration's economic and trade policies, but also a big shift in the US'
overall China policy.

So the essential task now is to find ways to cut the losses and prevent the
situation from worsening.

The radical changes in the economic environment mean Chinese enterprises,
especially those in the 5G industry, should make comprehensive long-term
preparations in the following areas. To begin with, they should make greater
efforts to globalize their operations and corporate structure, because
globalization is the lifeline of high-tech companies. Even Huawei, one of the
most advanced and global Chinese companies, could fall foul of certain
governments and should therefore take precautionary measures.

In addition, Chinese enterprises should extensively follow business and
international rules. In a highly interdependent world, China cannot afford to
disintegrate with the US or other countries. And abiding by international rules
is essential to the success of Chinese companies in an increasingly intertwined
world.

Besides, by following the market rules, Chinese companies can let the market
play the leading role in their developments because malpractices, such as
power-money exchange, and government subsidy and support, which may be common in
some parts of China are destined to fail elsewhere.

Furthermore, that Canada has complied with the US to detain Meng shows that
Western countries still have a common and binding understanding of basic values
and rules, as well as similar political and social systems. The West acts as the
most important basis for the US' supremacy while Western countries such as
Canada, Australia and New Zealand view the leading role of the US and the
West-dominated world order as conducive to their interests. Under these
circumstances, China should objectively analyze the international situation
bearing in mind that its rise in the international community not only brings
advantages and honor, but also entails lots of risks.

Zhu Feng, dean of the Institute of International Relations, Nanjing University

US using Meng case to make a deal

Meng's detention, together with Washington's actions vis-a-vis other
international incidents and events including the death of Jamal Khashoggi, a
Saudi Arabian journalist, reflects the US' disrespect for both reason and
international law. The US administration has again adopted an apparently
pragmatic, but effectively self-serving, approach to international relations and
rules - taking advantage of the ones that benefit it while rejecting those that
impede its agendas, as can be seen in extending its laws' reach to beyond
borders in the Meng case.

Caught in the middle of building a new world order, every other country
including the US' allies recognize its wrongs. Yet they can do nothing about it.

Washington is using the Meng case to put more pressure on China and increase the
US' leverage in the ongoing trade negotiations. In the remaining days before the
deadline of 90 days expires, China should focus on the negotiations and avoid
being distracted by such incidents staged by the US. The recently gained
momentum in the trade talks should not be derailed, although the US is likely to
create more troubles to realize its goal.

The US' somewhat rogue behavior has sparked anger among some Chinese netizens,
with some of them giving a call to boycott US brands represented by Apple and
Qualcomm. However, we should realize that China is not at the same economic and
technologically advanced level as the US.

More important, in this increasingly interdependent world it is neither
reasonable nor practical to disintegrate with the US. Yet the China-US trade
conflict has taught us a lesson: that it is extremely important to develop core
technologies. And for that to happen, the government and enterprises both have
to greatly increase their investments in technology research and development.

Chen Fengying, a researcher in global economy at the China Institutes of
Contemporary International Relations

(China Daily 12/12/2018 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/66/154457577854.jpg

00221917e13e1d7a970c07.jpg


                             495 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                          December 12, 2018 Wednesday

HEADLINE: No convincing evidence for Tokyo to bar country's telecoms, ministry
says

BYLINE: Wang Xu in Tokyo

BODY:

Japan decided to exclude Huawei and ZTE from official contracts citing "security
issues", but China insists there is no convincing evidence of such issues.

The Japanese government and its Self-Defense Forces received procurement
guidelines on Monday that effectively ban them from buying telecommunication
equipment, servers and personal computers from the Chinese telecom giants as of
April.

"In order to uphold cybersecurity, we are aware that it is extremely important
to make sure we do not procure equipment with functions of malicious intent,"
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said at a news conference on the issue,
without naming companies.

The move came amid controversy over the arrest of Huawei's chief financial
officer in Canada at the request of the United States over alleged violations of
US sanctions on Iran.

On Monday, Kyodo News said Japan's largest mobile phone carriers, NTT Docomo,
KDDI Corp and SoftBank, "planned to take concerted actions with the government"
to halt the use of Chinese products in their mobile base stations and their
future fifth-generation communication networks.

Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said on Tuesday that "there is no need to
repeat" that "no convincing evidence" has ever been provided to prove that
Huawei did "affect national security", and he urged related countries to "see
the long-term interests and be responsible".

The Chinese embassy in Japan had expressed strong opposition to the move, saying
"it is not conducive to attracting foreign investment to Japan, nor to economic
cooperation between China and Japan".

"Japan is sacrificing economic interests for political gains, in this case to
line up with the US," said Chu Yin, a professor at the Center for China and
Globalization.

Yu Qiang, a researcher of Japan studies at the University of International
Relations in Beijing, said "national security" is just an excuse for certain
countries to block Chinese companies' development.

Yu cited a 2014 report by The New York Times that said no evidence had been
found that there were connections between the Chinese government and Huawei and
ZTE even after the US National Security Agency hacked into Huawei's headquarters
in Shenzhen and monitored communications of the company's top executives for as
long as seven years.

"What they accuse China of doing is what they are doing to China," Yu said.

Refusing to see Japan's move as a political one, Yoshikazu Kato, an adjunct
associate professor at the Asia Global Institute of the University of Hong Kong,
said Tokyo has always valued practical things more than ideology and "the
instructions from the government are flexible" if the two sides can solve the
issue through frank and open negotiations.

"But the Chinese should not underestimate the tendency toward prejudice and
distrust based on the different political system and ideology, and they should
prepare for that," Kato added.

wangxu@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/12/2018 page3)


                             496 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                          December 12, 2018 Wednesday

HEADLINE: AI startup Yitu set to tap into speech recognition

BYLINE: Fan Feifei

BODY:

Yitu Technology, a startup engaged in artificial intelligence and facial
recognition technologies, announced on Tuesday it is exploring the speech
recognition sector, planning to apply related technologies to traditional
medical diagnosis to compete with market leader iFlytek Co Ltd.

The Shanghai-based company has unveiled a Mandarin speech recognition system as
a tool to augment and expand the landscape for multiple business sectors.

"Speech recognition technology has evolved over the past few years, but so far
it has only worked well in limited scenarios. We believe breakthrough in core
technologies is the key to promoting the development of speech recognition,"
said Lu Hao, chief innovation officer at Yitu.

Lu said speech recognition technology has been hindered not only by the high
costs involved, huge data requirements and lack of researchers, but also by the
complexity of real-life applications. He added the company will continue to
invest in speech recognition to push forward technological advancement.

Yitu said it will further strengthen cooperation with Microsoft Azure - United
States tech giant Microsoft Corp's cloud business - to jointly launch an open
platform that provides voice recognition technologies to third-party application
developers.

The startup is also joining hands with smartphone manufacturer Huawei
Technologies Co Ltd to release intelligent voice solutions.

Speech recognition technology is widely regarded as an opportunity that global
AI companies cannot afford to miss.

IFlytek Co Ltd has used its expertise in speech technology to assist doctors to
improve the accuracy of diagnoses by launching an intelligent robot. The robot
not only provides basic medical consultation services for patients, but also
records their symptoms, analyzes CT scans and makes diagnoses.

Liu Jiehao, an analyst from iiMedia Research, said the biggest advantage of AI
lies in its highly efficient calculation, and precise analysis and
decision-making, which could greatly improve working efficiency, unleash
productivity as well as ease the shortage of medical resources and high costs in
the healthcare industry.

China has placed great emphasis on tech development, with AI a key area. The
government has laid out plans to become the world AI leader by 2030, with the
aim of making the industry worth 1 trillion yuan ($145 billion).

SenseTime Group Ltd also focuses on innovative computer vision and deep learning
technologies, while Megvii Technology Inc provides facial recognition technology
to Alipay's "Smile to Pay" function, which allows users to pay using a facial
scan on their smartphones.

fanfeifei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/12/2018 page17)


                             497 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                          December 12, 2018 Wednesday

HEADLINE: AI startup Yitu set to tap into speech recognition

BYLINE: Fan Feifei

BODY:

Yitu Technology, a startup engaged in artificial intelligence and facial
recognition technologies, announced on Tuesday it is exploring the speech
recognition sector, planning to apply related technologies to traditional
medical diagnosis to compete with market leader iFlytek Co Ltd.

The Shanghai-based company has unveiled a Mandarin speech recognition system as
a tool to augment and expand the landscape for multiple business sectors.

"Speech recognition technology has evolved over the past few years, but so far
it has only worked well in limited scenarios. We believe breakthrough in core
technologies is the key to promoting the development of speech recognition,"
said Lu Hao, chief innovation officer at Yitu.

Lu said speech recognition technology has been hindered not only by the high
costs involved, huge data requirements and lack of researchers, but also by the
complexity of real-life applications. He added the company will continue to
invest in speech recognition to push forward technological advancement.

Yitu said it will further strengthen cooperation with Microsoft Azure - United
States tech giant Microsoft Corp's cloud business - to jointly launch an open
platform that provides voice recognition technologies to third-party application
developers.

The startup is also joining hands with smartphone manufacturer Huawei
Technologies Co Ltd to release intelligent voice solutions.

Speech recognition technology is widely regarded as an opportunity that global
AI companies cannot afford to miss.

IFlytek Co Ltd has used its expertise in speech technology to assist doctors to
improve the accuracy of diagnoses by launching an intelligent robot. The robot
not only provides basic medical consultation services for patients, but also
records their symptoms, analyzes CT scans and makes diagnoses.

Liu Jiehao, an analyst from iiMedia Research, said the biggest advantage of AI
lies in its highly efficient calculation, and precise analysis and
decision-making, which could greatly improve working efficiency, unleash
productivity as well as ease the shortage of medical resources and high costs in
the healthcare industry.

China has placed great emphasis on tech development, with AI a key area. The
government has laid out plans to become the world AI leader by 2030, with the
aim of making the industry worth 1 trillion yuan ($145 billion).

SenseTime Group Ltd also focuses on innovative computer vision and deep learning
technologies, while Megvii Technology Inc provides facial recognition technology
to Alipay's "Smile to Pay" function, which allows users to pay using a facial
scan on their smartphones.

fanfeifei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/12/2018 page17)


                             498 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 11, 2018 Tuesday

HEADLINE: US stoops to new low with its dirty trick

BYLINE: Qin Shuo

BODY:

Editor's note: Canada detained Meng Wanzhou, Huawei's global chief financial
officer, on Dec 1, when she was transferring at Vancouver airport, as requested
by the US judicial authorities, which claim Huawei violated US sanctions against
Iran. Columnist Qin Shuo comments in a post:

The farce has jolted the stock markets not only in Hong Kong and the Chinese
mainland, but also those in the United States. Which shows Huawei's influence.
Huawei operates in more than 170 countries and regions, and provides services to
more than 95 percent of the 50 largest telecommunication companies in the world.
It has won global recognition except from the US government, which always looks
at the corporation with prejudicial eyes.

It may be in accordance with people's expectation that the US cites security as
a reason to block Huawei's products from the US market. But instructing its
neighbor to hold a senior official of the company was a dirty deed by the US.

Despite the hullabaloo, Huawei's response has remained simple and calm. It has
stressed that it complies with all applicable laws and regulations of the
countries in which it operates, including export controls and sanctions laws and
regulations applicable to the United Nations, the US and the European Union, and
its belief that the legal process will come to a fair conclusion and exonerate
Meng.

It is right for Huawei to anchor its hope on judicial procedure to settle the
case. But people have already seen that with globalization, the market has
become intertwined with politics, diplomacy, the competition between countries
and the international order, so Huawei must prepare for the case being
politicized by the US.

Huawei is paying tuition fees for its globalization, but it will only emerge
stronger after its lessons.

(China Daily 12/11/2018 page8)


                             499 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 11, 2018 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Ottawa willing dupe for Washington's power play

BODY:

China is justified in reacting indignantly to the indignities imposed on Meng
Wanzhou, a Chinese citizen who was detained by the Canadian authorities at the
behest of the US Justice Department while she was in transit between flights in
Vancouver on Dec 1.

Like any other country in the world, it has an obligation to protect the
legitimate rights and interests of its citizens. Hence, the Chinese Foreign
Ministry summoned Canadian Ambassador to China John McCallum on Saturday and
United States Ambassador to China Terry Branstad on Sunday to express its strong
protests at Meng's detention and demand the reasons for her detention, as no
justification had been given.

Having an extradition treaty with the US, Ottawa might feel it is caught in the
middle of the conflict between Washington and Beijing, but to be frank that is
the position it has chosen to put itself in. Since by detaining Huawei's chief
financial officer, Ottawa is not upholding the law but instead letting itself be
used as a tool of US law enforcement, which is itself being politicized to
achieve Washington's policy objective of weakening China's corporate
competitiveness.

The US is not only trying to tarnish the image of one of China's most successful
companies overseas - along with its Belt and Road Initiative and overseas
investments - it is also using its unilateral sanctions against Iran and the
extended reach of extraterritoriality to stretch the arm of its law to try and
fatally damage the competitiveness of one of China's technology leaders. This is
hijacking the extradition system for its political aims.

Ties between Canada and China were in their best shape for years before Meng's
detention. Last month, the two sides held the first economic and financial
strategic dialogue, vowing to deepen cooperation and press ahead with
negotiations on a free trade agreement. But the move by Ottawa has revealed its
true colors and Beijing will now need to consider what is its best course of
action.

Meng's detention has also added more pressure on China-US ties, which seemed to
be on a positive trajectory after having fallen to their lowest point in years
thanks to the US-instigated trade frictions. With this in mind, US politicians
should refrain from fanning the flames of the current incident by making
inflammatory remarks.

In this regard, US Senator Marco Rubio's remarks on Sunday were most
inappropriate. When asked on a CBS program about his reaction to Meng's
detention, Rubio said he wanted to reintroduce legislation that would ban Huawei
and its fellow Chinese telecom companies from doing business in the US.

The US politician's presumption of guilt in Meng's case was appalling and
revealing as not only does it not conform to human rights values touted by
Rubio's own country, it also laid bare the political motivation behind her
detention, which runs counter to the spirit of the law.

(China Daily 12/11/2018 page8)


                             500 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 11, 2018 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Huawei security allegation dismissed

BYLINE: Mo Jingxi

BODY:

China has never heard of any country having a security problem from working with
Huawei Technologies Co, Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said on Monday, after
a top executive of the company was detained in Canada.

Huawei has signed 5G network contracts with over 20 countries, "which shows that
the company has been fully recognized", Lu said at a regular news briefing in
Beijing.

"We have noticed that recently some people in some countries have expressed
concerns over the 'possible' threat of Huawei to their national security, but
none has provided any convincing evidence to prove it," he said.

On Friday, European Union technology commissioner Andrus Ansip said the bloc
should worry about Huawei and other Chinese technology companies because of the
risk to EU industry and security.

Lu called it "ridiculous" to set up obstacles to a company's normal operation
based on speculation, and said it is not conducive to mutually beneficial
cooperation among countries. Huawei just signed a cooperation agreement with a
Portuguese company last week, and officials in France and Germany have welcomed
Huawei to invest in and work with companies in those countries, he said.

"These examples demonstrate that Huawei has won increasing trust from
international partners," Lu said, calling on nations to provide a fair,
transparent and just environment for Chinese companies.

Also, a trade mission to China by the Canadian province of British Columbia was
canceled. Beijing has warned Ottawa of "grave consequences" if Huawei Chief
Financial Officer Meng Wanzhou is not released immediately. Lu said it is up to
Canada to explain the cancellation.

"China always acts entirely in accordance with the law," Lu said, noting that
consequences will be up to Canada.

mojingxi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/11/2018 page1)


                             501 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 11, 2018 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Honor unveils new tech advances

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Honor, one of the twin signature smartphone brands owned by Huawei Technologies
Co Ltd, unveiled a string of new technologies on Monday to demonstrate its
continued efforts in pushing forward the technical boundaries for smartphones.

The move came as Honor achieved 150 percent year-on-year growth in overseas
markets while maintaining its position as China's leading e-commerce smartphone
brand.

Xiong Junmin, general manager of Honor products, said the company has developed
Link Turbo technology, an artificial-intelligence-powered feature that allows
simultaneous downloading via Wi-Fi and 4G networks for maximum throughput.

The feature will allow Honor's smartphones to conveniently switch from Wi-Fi to
4G when the former becomes slow, reducing the trouble of switching between the
two manually when the connection speed changes.

The company also said on Monday that its Honor V20 model, due to be released on
Dec 26, will feature an all-screen display with just a circular front camera
cutout. Such a design will offer an impressive screen-to-body ratio since it
features a hole in the display for the front camera. The hole will be about just
4.5 millimeters in width, outdoing its competitors' 6 millimeters, Honor said.

In 2018, Honor achieved 150 percent year-on-year growth in overseas markets.
More importantly, it has reached the top five in a number of foreign countries.
In Russia, for instance, it is now the No 2 smartphone vendor, according to
market research company Canalys.

The company also announced on Monday that its Honor 10 model is now officially
available in Hong Kong, marking its first foray into the region.

Michael Gold, editor of The Economist Intelligence Unit, a market research unit
affiliated with The Economist magazine, said artificial intelligence is widely
regarded as the most important supply-chain innovation in the next five years.

Product design innovation and product quality could be most positively impacted
from AI advancements, according to the unit's survey of around 325 respondents,
most of whom are presidents and senior executives in China, Germany, Japan,
South Korea and the United States.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

Huawei smartphones on display during a new product launch of the company in
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Xinhua

(China Daily 12/11/2018 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/44/154448933819.jpg

a41f726719b21d793dc60a.jpg


                             502 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 11, 2018 Tuesday

HEADLINE: US stoops to new low with its dirty trick

BYLINE: Qin Shuo

BODY:

Editor's note: Canada detained Meng Wanzhou, Huawei's global chief financial
officer, on Dec 1, when she was transferring at Vancouver airport, as requested
by the US judicial authorities, which claim Huawei violated US sanctions against
Iran. Columnist Qin Shuo comments in a post:

The farce has jolted the stock markets not only in Hong Kong and the Chinese
mainland, but also those in the United States. Which shows Huawei's influence.
Huawei operates in more than 170 countries and regions, and provides services to
more than 95 percent of the 50 largest telecommunication companies in the world.
It has won global recognition except from the US government, which always looks
at the corporation with prejudicial eyes.

It may be in accordance with people's expectation that the US cites security as
a reason to block Huawei's products from the US market. But instructing its
neighbor to hold a senior official of the company was a dirty deed by the US.

Despite the hullabaloo, Huawei's response has remained simple and calm. It has
stressed that it complies with all applicable laws and regulations of the
countries in which it operates, including export controls and sanctions laws and
regulations applicable to the United Nations, the US and the European Union, and
its belief that the legal process will come to a fair conclusion and exonerate
Meng.

It is right for Huawei to anchor its hope on judicial procedure to settle the
case. But people have already seen that with globalization, the market has
become intertwined with politics, diplomacy, the competition between countries
and the international order, so Huawei must prepare for the case being
politicized by the US.

Huawei is paying tuition fees for its globalization, but it will only emerge
stronger after its lessons.

(China Daily 12/11/2018 page8)


                             503 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 11, 2018 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Ottawa willing dupe for Washington's power play

BODY:

China is justified in reacting indignantly to the indignities imposed on Meng
Wanzhou, a Chinese citizen who was detained by the Canadian authorities at the
behest of the US Justice Department while she was in transit between flights in
Vancouver on Dec 1.

Like any other country in the world, it has an obligation to protect the
legitimate rights and interests of its citizens. Hence, the Chinese Foreign
Ministry summoned Canadian Ambassador to China John McCallum on Saturday and
United States Ambassador to China Terry Branstad on Sunday to express its strong
protests at Meng's detention and demand the reasons for her detention, as no
justification had been given.

Having an extradition treaty with the US, Ottawa might feel it is caught in the
middle of the conflict between Washington and Beijing, but to be frank that is
the position it has chosen to put itself in. Since by detaining Huawei's chief
financial officer, Ottawa is not upholding the law but instead letting itself be
used as a tool of US law enforcement, which is itself being politicized to
achieve Washington's policy objective of weakening China's corporate
competitiveness.

The US is not only trying to tarnish the image of one of China's most successful
companies overseas - along with its Belt and Road Initiative and overseas
investments - it is also using its unilateral sanctions against Iran and the
extended reach of extraterritoriality to stretch the arm of its law to try and
fatally damage the competitiveness of one of China's technology leaders. This is
hijacking the extradition system for its political aims.

Ties between Canada and China were in their best shape for years before Meng's
detention. Last month, the two sides held the first economic and financial
strategic dialogue, vowing to deepen cooperation and press ahead with
negotiations on a free trade agreement. But the move by Ottawa has revealed its
true colors and Beijing will now need to consider what is its best course of
action.

Meng's detention has also added more pressure on China-US ties, which seemed to
be on a positive trajectory after having fallen to their lowest point in years
thanks to the US-instigated trade frictions. With this in mind, US politicians
should refrain from fanning the flames of the current incident by making
inflammatory remarks.

In this regard, US Senator Marco Rubio's remarks on Sunday were most
inappropriate. When asked on a CBS program about his reaction to Meng's
detention, Rubio said he wanted to reintroduce legislation that would ban Huawei
and its fellow Chinese telecom companies from doing business in the US.

The US politician's presumption of guilt in Meng's case was appalling and
revealing as not only does it not conform to human rights values touted by
Rubio's own country, it also laid bare the political motivation behind her
detention, which runs counter to the spirit of the law.

(China Daily 12/11/2018 page8)


                             504 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            December 10, 2018 Monday

HEADLINE: China-US trade dispute enters second half

BYLINE: Cheng Shi

BODY:

China and the United States reached a consensus to suspend tariff hikes and
restart trade talks at the meeting between President Xi Jinping and his US
counterpart Donald Trump in Argentina on Dec 1. Yet the Canadian police detained
Meng Wanzhou, Huawei's global chief financial officer, and could deport her to
the United States where she could face charges for evading US curbs on trade
with Iran.

These contrasting signals show the complexity of China-US trade conflict, and
since the conflict has reached a critical stage, four major changes can be
expected.

From a blitz to protracted standoff

First, the trade conflict between the two largest economies has shifted from
being a blitz to a stalemate. The first half of the game, which has stretched
from March to November, can be seen as a fight for time and space. Taking
advantage of the time window provided by tax cuts at home and China's reform
pains and shrinking room for stimulus, the Trump administration adopted a
"maximum pressure" strategy. The first three rounds of trade sanctions were thus
carried out one after another in quick succession, each one more aggressive than
the last one, with the aim of bringing China to heel.

Yet the landscape of the contest has now changed in two aspects.

To begin with, the Trump administration's strategy is taking a bite out of the
US economy, made clear by volatility in the stock market, the IMF's downgrading
of its US growth forecast by a large margin, as well as the mass layoff plans of
leading automobile enterprises.

Also both the Republicans and the Democrats have arrived at the consensus that
the US should seek to contain China's rise and safeguard US supremacy. Threats
posed by the Trump administration's previous strategic arrangements targeted at
China, including the Indo-Pacific Strategy, US-Mexico-Canada Agreement and the
announcement it will seek trade agreements with Britain, Japan and the European
Union, will be around for a long time.

In these circumstances, the two countries have bidden farewell to the illusion
of a quick victory after the G20 summit and confronted the reality of a
long-term stalemate as the short-term pressure starts to moderate.

From comprehensive to targeted strikes

Second, the tariff strikes on each other in the second half of their contest
will be more targeted and accurate compared with the relatively comprehensive
attacks before. Historically, the disparity in strength with its opponents and
the convergence of interests has determined what kind of approach the US adopts
in such contests. When it had a huge economic advantage and weak bonds of shared
interests, it used the extreme solution of economic blockade and comprehensive
Cold War against the Soviet Union. While in the 1980s, its approach against
Japan was less extreme as the US' economic advantage was significantly less
compared with the economic advantage it enjoyed over the Soviet Union and the
two countries had more shared interests.

That the US' economic advantage to China is relatively limited and the two
countries are each other's biggest market with largest potential decides that
managing a comprehensive conflict is a cost neither country could afford. This
is exactly why the side effects of Trump's policies were quickly amplified at
home, also why the administration has slowed down its attacks.

Looking ahead, although the US will not easily scrap the trade sanctions already
in place it will hesitate to upgrade the standoff to a comprehensive
confrontation. The third round of sanctions targeted $267 billion worth of
Chinese exports in particular is expected to cause much pain on both sides, thus
is unlikely to fully materialize.

In the near future the US will probably focus on containing the development of
China's high-tech sector by, for instance, imposing high tariffs on imports from
China's emerging industries, cutting off the transfer of technology, confining
the talent flow and freezing the overseas assets of China's core enterprises and
institutions, with the ultimate goal of impeding the upgrading of China's
manufacturing industry. On that account, China's relevant industries should
remain alert and take precautions, and the government should offer necessary
protection to key enterprises, technology, assets and talents.

Competition on the global stage

Third, the rivalry between China and the US will become a contest with a global
dimension. As one of the core platforms for global policy coordination, the G20
Leaders' Summit has provided the opportunity for the two countries to break the
ice, but it also produced a joint communiqu[#xfffd][#xfffd] which has cut off
the phrases of opposing protectionism. This mixed signal shows that apart from
bilateral relations, multilateral platforms and institutions including G20,
World Trade Organization and International Monetary Fund will become the key
stages for China-US competition. Hereafter, the China-US trade contention, the
progress and retrogression of globalization and reform of the global economic
governance system will be bound together.

In this sense it is urgent for China to take two global challenges into its
strategic considerations. One is the wave of populism that is undermining the
policy rationality both in developed countries including Italy, Germany and the
United Kingdom and emerging markets represented by Brazil and Mexico.

The imitation of Trump's policies in these countries would weaken the consensus
on multilateralism and further smash the trammels on Trump's protectionism and
populism. In addition, the global economic governance system has come to a fork
in the road. Under the repeated assaults from populism, protectionism and
isolationism, the flaws in the system have been exposed, making reform a matter
of urgency.

Looking forward, the reform of international institutions including the WTO, IMF
and World Bank may walk on two opposite and absolutist paths. Either yielding to
the threat of the US' pulling out, trade and financial issues are politicized
and expanded into conflicts over the rules, system and orientation, which will
eventually lead to the discretization of global value chain and the tendency of
clique-forming in policy choices. Or, optimization of the dispute resolving
mechanism and multilateral cooperation mechanism to allocate more say to
developing countries according to their contributions, thus checking certain
countries' unilateralism and propelling the global economy back to the path of
openness, inclusiveness and coordinated recovery.

So in the second half of China-US contest, how to make good use of the
multilateral platforms, file reasonable appeals and lead reform of the global
economic governance system while avoiding the containment of an economic Iron
Curtain will be a new problem confronting China.

From provocation to self-improvement

Fourth, the game theory will change from answering challenges to
self-improvement. In the second half the firmness, speed and depth of the two
countries' respective strategic reform will decide the winner. China should
hence focus on improving its economy based on reform and opening-up.

Domestically the new round of reform needs to be deepened and the government
needs to develop policies to underpin growth in 2019. On one hand, market access
for private enterprises should be significantly widened, providing more room for
the development of private and small and medium-sized enterprises, optimizing
China's economic structure and its market.

This would also help build a market environment of competitive neutrality and
weaken the pressure that developed countries exert on China.

On the other hand, China should further strengthen the protection of
intellectual property and provide the same protection for foreign companies' IPR
to reduce the external resistance to technology transfers.

Externally, a new round of high-level opening-up should be advanced. The
automobile market and service industry should be gradually opened and the use of
negative list for foreign investment be promoted to share China's growth
opportunities with other countries and expand the bonds of shared interests with
the US.

Bilateral cooperation with major economies apart from the US, for instance, the
European Union, Japan and India, should also be strengthened to further
integrate to global industrial chain through tools and mechanisms including the
Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership and a trilateral free trade
agreement between China, Japan and the Republic of Korea.

The more extensive and firm China's network of friends is, the better it will be
able to prevent the US' China policies going to the extreme.

The author is an academic committee member of Pangoal Institution and chief
economist in the Research Department of ICBC International.

(China Daily 12/10/2018 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/18/154440297162.jpg

00221917e13e1d77e8102e.jpg


                             505 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            December 10, 2018 Monday

HEADLINE: Canada should not let US dictate its politics

BODY:

Vancouver said earlier that it would not "let politics slip into decisions" when
Canada refused to join the other four "Five Eyes" - Australia, New Zealand, the
United Kingdom and the United States - in banning China's Huawei Technologies
from participating in the 5G mobile networks in their countries.

Unfortunately, that is what it is now doing.

The country has surrendered to the United States' ugly politics by detaining
Meng Wanzhou, Huawei's global chief financial officer, on Dec 1 when she was
transferring at Vancouver airport. An action done at the request of the US
judicial authorities, which claim Huawei violated the sanctions the US has
imposed on Iran.

Huawei has stated that it complies with all laws and rules where it operates,
including the export controls and sanctions of the United Nations, the US and
European Union, and no details have been forthcoming relating to the alleged
charges.

Detaining a Chinese citizen during her change of flight without giving any
concrete reason has severely violated her legitimate rights and interests. And
Canada has treated Meng as a dangerous criminal, handcuffing her at the airport
and making her wear ankle restraints after her first bail hearing.

Meng is a middle-aged woman, who has health issues and is still in recovery from
neck surgery in May, yet she is being treated as a violent offender. It is hard
to escape the conclusion that her treatment is something of a show trial
intended to humiliate her and the Chinese people.

On Saturday, Chinese Vice-Foreign Minister Le Yucheng summoned the Canadian
Ambassador to China John McCallum to lodge solemn representations and strong
protests at Meng's arrest. He demanded that Canada release Meng immediately and
earnestly protect her legitimate rights and interests or face grave
consequences.

According to the Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, Ottawa had advance
notice of the arrest. However, he chose not to keep the Chinese side informed
and connived in the US' action against Huawei.

Huawei has become something of a b[#xfffd][#xfffd]te noire for the US
administration. The Chinese company, which is the biggest global supplier of
network gear for phone and internet companies, has been looking to position
itself at the forefront of the nascent 5G revolution that is beginning to take
shape and the US administration wants to reserve that spot for US companies.

To this end, the US has been pressuring the other "Five Eyes" to limit the use
of Huawei technology. But the latest move targeting Hauwei is nasty. It is to be
hoped that Canada will not simply hold a candle while the devil does its dirty
deeds. It risks resulting in serious consequences and Canada will have to bear
the responsibility.

(China Daily 12/10/2018 page8)


                             506 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            December 10, 2018 Monday

HEADLINE: Envoys summoned over Huawei CFO detention

BYLINE: Cao Desheng and Zhang Yunbi

BODY:

Vice-Foreign Minister Le Yucheng urgently summoned United States Ambassador to
China Terry Branstad on Sunday over the detention of Huawei executive Meng
Wanzhou.

Meng, chief financial officer of Huawei, the biggest global supplier of network
gear for cellphones and internet companies, and also the daughter of Huawei's
founder, was arrested in Canada while transferring in Vancouver for a flight to
Mexico on Dec 1.

Le made representations over, and strongly protested against, the US
"unreasonably demanding" Canada detain Meng.

What the US has done seriously violates the legitimate and justified rights and
interests of a Chinese citizen, and the violation is extremely serious in
nature, Le said.

China is firmly opposed to this, and strongly urges the US to attach great
importance to China's solemn position, take immediate measures to correct its
wrong practices, and revoke the arrest warrant against the Chinese citizen, Le
said.

China will base its further responses on the US actions, Le added.

On Saturday, Le summoned Canadian Ambassador to China John McCallum over Meng's
detention, calling it "unreasonable, unconscionable and vile in nature".

Le said Meng's detention at the request of the US was a "severe violation" of
her "legitimate rights and interests".

The detention of Meng by Canadian authorities in Vancouver without providing any
explicit reason constitutes a severe violation of her human rights, observers
said.

Washington claimed Huawei has violated sanctions the US imposed on Iran. Huawei
has stated that it complies with all laws and rules where it operates, including
export controls and sanctions of the United Nations.

Liu Deliang, a professor of law at Beijing Normal University, said the US
request for Canada to arrest Meng does not comply with international law, and
the long-arm jurisdiction the US adopts is a typical embodiment of its hegemonic
practices.

A bail hearing took place at the British Columbia Supreme Court in Vancouver
with no conclusion after hours of debate. Meng was reportedly placed in
restraining devices used on convicted felons. The hearing will resume Monday
after Meng spends the weekend in custody.

Contact the writers at caodesheng@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/10/2018 page1)


                             507 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            December 10, 2018 Monday

HEADLINE: China-US trade dispute enters second half

BYLINE: Cheng Shi

BODY:

China and the United States reached a consensus to suspend tariff hikes and
restart trade talks at the meeting between President Xi Jinping and his US
counterpart Donald Trump in Argentina on Dec 1. Yet the Canadian police detained
Meng Wanzhou, Huawei's global chief financial officer, and could deport her to
the United States where she could face charges for evading US curbs on trade
with Iran.

These contrasting signals show the complexity of China-US trade conflict, and
since the conflict has reached a critical stage, four major changes can be
expected.

From a blitz to protracted standoff

First, the trade conflict between the two largest economies has shifted from
being a blitz to a stalemate. The first half of the game, which has stretched
from March to November, can be seen as a fight for time and space. Taking
advantage of the time window provided by tax cuts at home and China's reform
pains and shrinking room for stimulus, the Trump administration adopted a
"maximum pressure" strategy. The first three rounds of trade sanctions were thus
carried out one after another in quick succession, each one more aggressive than
the last one, with the aim of bringing China to heel.

Yet the landscape of the contest has now changed in two aspects.

To begin with, the Trump administration's strategy is taking a bite out of the
US economy, made clear by volatility in the stock market, the IMF's downgrading
of its US growth forecast by a large margin, as well as the mass layoff plans of
leading automobile enterprises.

Also both the Republicans and the Democrats have arrived at the consensus that
the US should seek to contain China's rise and safeguard US supremacy. Threats
posed by the Trump administration's previous strategic arrangements targeted at
China, including the Indo-Pacific Strategy, US-Mexico-Canada Agreement and the
announcement it will seek trade agreements with Britain, Japan and the European
Union, will be around for a long time.

In these circumstances, the two countries have bidden farewell to the illusion
of a quick victory after the G20 summit and confronted the reality of a
long-term stalemate as the short-term pressure starts to moderate.

From comprehensive to targeted strikes

Second, the tariff strikes on each other in the second half of their contest
will be more targeted and accurate compared with the relatively comprehensive
attacks before. Historically, the disparity in strength with its opponents and
the convergence of interests has determined what kind of approach the US adopts
in such contests. When it had a huge economic advantage and weak bonds of shared
interests, it used the extreme solution of economic blockade and comprehensive
Cold War against the Soviet Union. While in the 1980s, its approach against
Japan was less extreme as the US' economic advantage was significantly less
compared with the economic advantage it enjoyed over the Soviet Union and the
two countries had more shared interests.

That the US' economic advantage to China is relatively limited and the two
countries are each other's biggest market with largest potential decides that
managing a comprehensive conflict is a cost neither country could afford. This
is exactly why the side effects of Trump's policies were quickly amplified at
home, also why the administration has slowed down its attacks.

Looking ahead, although the US will not easily scrap the trade sanctions already
in place it will hesitate to upgrade the standoff to a comprehensive
confrontation. The third round of sanctions targeted $267 billion worth of
Chinese exports in particular is expected to cause much pain on both sides, thus
is unlikely to fully materialize.

In the near future the US will probably focus on containing the development of
China's high-tech sector by, for instance, imposing high tariffs on imports from
China's emerging industries, cutting off the transfer of technology, confining
the talent flow and freezing the overseas assets of China's core enterprises and
institutions, with the ultimate goal of impeding the upgrading of China's
manufacturing industry. On that account, China's relevant industries should
remain alert and take precautions, and the government should offer necessary
protection to key enterprises, technology, assets and talents.

Competition on the global stage

Third, the rivalry between China and the US will become a contest with a global
dimension. As one of the core platforms for global policy coordination, the G20
Leaders' Summit has provided the opportunity for the two countries to break the
ice, but it also produced a joint communiqu[#xfffd][#xfffd] which has cut off
the phrases of opposing protectionism. This mixed signal shows that apart from
bilateral relations, multilateral platforms and institutions including G20,
World Trade Organization and International Monetary Fund will become the key
stages for China-US competition. Hereafter, the China-US trade contention, the
progress and retrogression of globalization and reform of the global economic
governance system will be bound together.

In this sense it is urgent for China to take two global challenges into its
strategic considerations. One is the wave of populism that is undermining the
policy rationality both in developed countries including Italy, Germany and the
United Kingdom and emerging markets represented by Brazil and Mexico.

The imitation of Trump's policies in these countries would weaken the consensus
on multilateralism and further smash the trammels on Trump's protectionism and
populism. In addition, the global economic governance system has come to a fork
in the road. Under the repeated assaults from populism, protectionism and
isolationism, the flaws in the system have been exposed, making reform a matter
of urgency.

Looking forward, the reform of international institutions including the WTO, IMF
and World Bank may walk on two opposite and absolutist paths. Either yielding to
the threat of the US' pulling out, trade and financial issues are politicized
and expanded into conflicts over the rules, system and orientation, which will
eventually lead to the discretization of global value chain and the tendency of
clique-forming in policy choices. Or, optimization of the dispute resolving
mechanism and multilateral cooperation mechanism to allocate more say to
developing countries according to their contributions, thus checking certain
countries' unilateralism and propelling the global economy back to the path of
openness, inclusiveness and coordinated recovery.

So in the second half of China-US contest, how to make good use of the
multilateral platforms, file reasonable appeals and lead reform of the global
economic governance system while avoiding the containment of an economic Iron
Curtain will be a new problem confronting China.

From provocation to self-improvement

Fourth, the game theory will change from answering challenges to
self-improvement. In the second half the firmness, speed and depth of the two
countries' respective strategic reform will decide the winner. China should
hence focus on improving its economy based on reform and opening-up.

Domestically the new round of reform needs to be deepened and the government
needs to develop policies to underpin growth in 2019. On one hand, market access
for private enterprises should be significantly widened, providing more room for
the development of private and small and medium-sized enterprises, optimizing
China's economic structure and its market.

This would also help build a market environment of competitive neutrality and
weaken the pressure that developed countries exert on China.

On the other hand, China should further strengthen the protection of
intellectual property and provide the same protection for foreign companies' IPR
to reduce the external resistance to technology transfers.

Externally, a new round of high-level opening-up should be advanced. The
automobile market and service industry should be gradually opened and the use of
negative list for foreign investment be promoted to share China's growth
opportunities with other countries and expand the bonds of shared interests with
the US.

Bilateral cooperation with major economies apart from the US, for instance, the
European Union, Japan and India, should also be strengthened to further
integrate to global industrial chain through tools and mechanisms including the
Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership and a trilateral free trade
agreement between China, Japan and the Republic of Korea.

The more extensive and firm China's network of friends is, the better it will be
able to prevent the US' China policies going to the extreme.

The author is an academic committee member of Pangoal Institution and chief
economist in the Research Department of ICBC International.

(China Daily 12/10/2018 page9)


                             508 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            December 10, 2018 Monday

HEADLINE: Canada should not let US dictate its politics

BODY:

Vancouver said earlier that it would not "let politics slip into decisions" when
Canada refused to join the other four "Five Eyes" - Australia, New Zealand, the
United Kingdom and the United States - in banning China's Huawei Technologies
from participating in the 5G mobile networks in their countries.

Unfortunately, that is what it is now doing.

The country has surrendered to the United States' ugly politics by detaining
Meng Wanzhou, Huawei's global chief financial officer, on Dec 1 when she was
transferring at Vancouver airport. An action done at the request of the US
judicial authorities, which claim Huawei violated the sanctions the US has
imposed on Iran.

Huawei has stated that it complies with all laws and rules where it operates,
including the export controls and sanctions of the United Nations, the US and
European Union, and no details have been forthcoming relating to the alleged
charges.

Detaining a Chinese citizen during her change of flight without giving any
concrete reason has severely violated her legitimate rights and interests. And
Canada has treated Meng as a dangerous criminal, handcuffing her at the airport
and making her wear ankle restraints after her first bail hearing.

Meng is a middle-aged woman, who has health issues and is still in recovery from
neck surgery in May, yet she is being treated as a violent offender. It is hard
to escape the conclusion that her treatment is something of a show trial
intended to humiliate her and the Chinese people.

On Saturday, Chinese Vice-Foreign Minister Le Yucheng summoned the Canadian
Ambassador to China John McCallum to lodge solemn representations and strong
protests at Meng's arrest. He demanded that Canada release Meng immediately and
earnestly protect her legitimate rights and interests or face grave
consequences.

According to the Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, Ottawa had advance
notice of the arrest. However, he chose not to keep the Chinese side informed
and connived in the US' action against Huawei.

Huawei has become something of a b[#xfffd][#xfffd]te noire for the US
administration. The Chinese company, which is the biggest global supplier of
network gear for phone and internet companies, has been looking to position
itself at the forefront of the nascent 5G revolution that is beginning to take
shape and the US administration wants to reserve that spot for US companies.

To this end, the US has been pressuring the other "Five Eyes" to limit the use
of Huawei technology. But the latest move targeting Hauwei is nasty. It is to be
hoped that Canada will not simply hold a candle while the devil does its dirty
deeds. It risks resulting in serious consequences and Canada will have to bear
the responsibility.

(China Daily 12/10/2018 page8)


                             509 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 8, 2018 Saturday

HEADLINE: Samsung underlines sports, localization

BYLINE: Fan Feifei in Nanjing

BODY:

South Korean technology giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd is looking to gain more
market share in China's cutthroat smartphone sector, attracting more young
consumers especially through a focus on sports, as competition from local rivals
mounts.

Kwon Gye-hyun, president of Samsung Electronics China operations, said the
company attaches huge importance to the Chinese market, and will ramp up its
efforts in sports marketing and localization in China.

"With the help of soccer and the Olympic Games, we plan to increase our efforts
in the sports and games events that the young generation follows, and close the
gap with Chinese consumers."

The company will sponsor Jiangsu Suning Football Club from 2019 to 2021, with
the Samsung logo appearing on the players' shirts in all matches during the next
three seasons.

Samsung has also extended its sponsorship contract with the International
Olympic Committee by eight years and will remain a top sponsor until the 2028
Los Angeles Games.

The tech behemoth was an official partner of the Chinese Super League between
2013 and 2015, the country's top-tier soccer competition.

The company also plans to carry out in-depth cooperation with Chinese commercial
giant Suning Holdings Group in both its online and offline retail channels, to
launch innovative products attractive to young shoppers in China, said Kwon.

Sun Weimin, Suning's vice-chairman, said the company will promote the upgrade of
its online and offline sales channels, as well as maintaining close cooperation
with Samsung in brand publicity, market expansion and interaction with fans.

Roger Sheng, research director at consultancy Gartner Inc, said Samsung is in
urgent need of a strong partner in China to expand its retail channels.

"They should design tailor-made smartphones for Chinese consumers and strengthen
cooperation with local content providers to offer products that capture the
attention of the young generation."

The company has faced pressure from local competitors' strong growth. Statistics
from market research firm International Data Corp showed that Huawei
Technologies Co Ltd continued to lead China's smartphone market with shipments
of 25.2 million units during the third quarter of this year, representing 24.6
percent of the market share.

However, Samsung once again remained the global leader in the smartphone market,
shipping 72.2 million units in the third quarter of the year, despite a 13.4
percent decline in shipments from last year.

According to IDC, Samsung's bigger challenge is the ground it is losing at the
mid-range and low-end.

Samsung said it is strengthening its competitiveness in the medium-end
smartphone market, with the launch of the Galaxy A9s and A6s for young consumers
in China.

fanfeifei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/08/2018 page6)


                             510 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 8, 2018 Saturday

HEADLINE: Opening-up has brought prosperity to township in Guangdong

BYLINE: Zheng Caixiong in Dongguan, Guangdong

BODY:

The situation in Changan township had become serious, with young people having
left while the aged lived in panic after the farmlands had been abandoned.

"This truly described Changan township before China's reform and opening-up
policies were introduced in the late 1970s," said Guo Rongxin, deputy Party
chief and head of Changan township in Dongguan, Guangdong province.

"Due to poverty, many young people risked their lives to secretly swim to Hong
Kong to pursue their dreams of wealth," he said.

Guo said Hong Kong now has more than 30,000 permanent residents from Changan
township, which is situated in the southernmost of Dongguan.

After four decades of development, Changan, formerly an agricultural township,
has now become a major production base, Guo said.

"The good investment climate and high government work efficiency are still
attracting more and more investors and business representatives from home and
abroad to set up their production facilities or start their businesses here," he
said.

"Almost all the products sold around the world can be produced in Changan," Guo
said with pride.

Dongguan, home to the country's mobile phone giants Huawei, Oppo and Vivo,
produced more than 293 million smartphones in the first 10 months, up 6.7
percent this year and accounting for 26.7 percent of the country's total.

Changan's GDP reached more than 55 billion yuan ($8 billion) last year,
comparing with only 5.2 million yuan in 1978. Its industrial production hit 194
billion yuan in 2017 compared with about 500,000 yuan in 1978.

"Changan would not have been able to have made such great economic achievements
without the 40 years of the country's reform and openingup," said Guo.

When China had just opened its door to the outside world in the early 1980s,
many Changan officials found it very difficult to apply for a visa to Hong Kong,
so they had to pretend to be sailors to travel there and lobby their fellow
townsmen to invest in Changan.

Zhao Xiaoqun, chairwoman of Dongguan Chitwing Technologies, said the Changan
township government and related departments have done a lot to serve domestic
and foreign investors.

"Electricity supply has not been suspended in recent years, which ensures our
production even when the town is experiencing a power shortage," Zhao said.

Zhao's company, a Shenzhen stock exchange listed company, has expanded to
between 7,000 and 8,000 workers, up from 1,000 in 2007. The company's annual
industrial production has now reached more than 2 billion yuan.

Cai Guodong, Party chief of Changan's Wusha community, said great changes have
taken place in his community in the past four decades.

"Now the living standard of most residents in the community can compete with
their counterparts from the United States and Europe," he told media.

Most of the residents can now earn more than 100,000 yuan a year and the
community pays most of the medical care for them, and the average living space
in Wusha community comes to more than 80 square meters, said Cai.

zhengcaixiong@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/08/2018 page2)


                             511 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 8, 2018 Saturday

HEADLINE: Huawei's suppliers unharmed by CFO's arrest, analyst says

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

The "unreasonable" treatment of Huawei Technologies Co by the United States
won't harm the company's partnerships with suppliers, as a robust domestic
market and its technological competitiveness will help it overcome challenges,
an industry analyst said on Friday.

Wang Yanhui, secretary-general of the Mobile China Alliance, said US
interference with the global telecom market is giving Huawei a hard time
overseas, but the temporary difficulty, if properly handled, won't harm the
company's long-term business.

"China has a huge domestic 5G market and its efforts to accelerate construction
of a nationwide network will bring opportunities to Huawei," Wang said.

On Thursday night, China said that it had officially allocated certain radio
frequency spectra to the country's big three telecom carriers for the
construction of a nationwide 5G network, a key step to quicken the rollout of
the superfast technology.

The move sent shares of Huawei's Chinese suppliers climbing on Friday. Tongyu
Communication, for instance, surged more than 5 percent in Shenzhen. An index
tracking 5G-related Chinese companies also rose by 1.75 percent at the close of
trading on Friday, according to financial information provider Wind Info.

The news came after Canadian police arrested Huawei's chief financial officer,
Meng Wanzhou, at the request of the US, on Dec 1. The two countries did not
specify the reason for the detention.

On Friday, Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said Meng is a Chinese
citizen, in response to foreign media questions about her identity.

Geng also called for more effort by Japan to create a level playing field for
Chinese companies, and encouraged the country not to damage mutual trust and
friendship when asked about media reports that Japan will ban government
purchases of products made by Huawei and another Chinese company, ZTE.

On Thursday night, Huawei said in a letter to its global suppliers that the US
had made some accusations against the company recently, and Huawei has clarified
many times that it strictly complies with all applicable laws and regulations in
its global business operations.

"It is unreasonable of the US government to use these sorts of approaches to
exert pressure on a business entity. They are against the spirit of a free
economy and fair competition. Nevertheless, regardless of how unreasonable their
approach becomes, the partnerships we have with our global suppliers will stay
unchanged," Huawei said.

The Shenzhen-based company is the world's second-largest smartphone vendor and a
leading maker of telecom equipment. It has more than 2,000 component and service
suppliers, according to a report by Guosen Securities.

In November, Huawei unveiled a list of its 92 core suppliers for the first time,
33 of which are from the US, 11 from Japan and four from Germany. Two Swiss
companies and two South Korean companies are also among the suppliers.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/08/2018 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/8/154423013283.jpg

00221917e13e1d7543a508.jpg


                             512 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 8, 2018 Saturday

HEADLINE: Samsung underlines sports, localization

BYLINE: Fan Feifei in Nanjing

BODY:

South Korean technology giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd is looking to gain more
market share in China's cutthroat smartphone sector, attracting more young
consumers especially through a focus on sports, as competition from local rivals
mounts.

Kwon Gye-hyun, president of Samsung Electronics China operations, said the
company attaches huge importance to the Chinese market, and will ramp up its
efforts in sports marketing and localization in China.

"With the help of soccer and the Olympic Games, we plan to increase our efforts
in the sports and games events that the young generation follows, and close the
gap with Chinese consumers."

The company will sponsor Jiangsu Suning Football Club from 2019 to 2021, with
the Samsung logo appearing on the players' shirts in all matches during the next
three seasons.

Samsung has also extended its sponsorship contract with the International
Olympic Committee by eight years and will remain a top sponsor until the 2028
Los Angeles Games.

The tech behemoth was an official partner of the Chinese Super League between
2013 and 2015, the country's top-tier soccer competition.

The company also plans to carry out in-depth cooperation with Chinese commercial
giant Suning Holdings Group in both its online and offline retail channels, to
launch innovative products attractive to young shoppers in China, said Kwon.

Sun Weimin, Suning's vice-chairman, said the company will promote the upgrade of
its online and offline sales channels, as well as maintaining close cooperation
with Samsung in brand publicity, market expansion and interaction with fans.

Roger Sheng, research director at consultancy Gartner Inc, said Samsung is in
urgent need of a strong partner in China to expand its retail channels.

"They should design tailor-made smartphones for Chinese consumers and strengthen
cooperation with local content providers to offer products that capture the
attention of the young generation."

The company has faced pressure from local competitors' strong growth. Statistics
from market research firm International Data Corp showed that Huawei
Technologies Co Ltd continued to lead China's smartphone market with shipments
of 25.2 million units during the third quarter of this year, representing 24.6
percent of the market share.

However, Samsung once again remained the global leader in the smartphone market,
shipping 72.2 million units in the third quarter of the year, despite a 13.4
percent decline in shipments from last year.

According to IDC, Samsung's bigger challenge is the ground it is losing at the
mid-range and low-end.

Samsung said it is strengthening its competitiveness in the medium-end
smartphone market, with the launch of the Galaxy A9s and A6s for young consumers
in China.

fanfeifei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/08/2018 page6)


                             513 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            December 7, 2018 Friday

HEADLINE: Containing Huawei's expansion detrimental to China-US ties

BODY:

There is still no telling on what grounds Huawei's global chief financial
officer Meng Wanzhou has been detained in Canada, although she is reportedly
facing extradition to the United States as it alleges she was trying to evade US
curbs on trade with Iran. But one thing that is undoubtedly true and proven is
the US is trying to do whatever it can to contain Huawei's expansion in the
world simply because the company is the point man for China's competitive
technology companies.

As one of the largest makers of telecommunications network equipment, it is
natural for Huawei to cooperate with telecom companies all over the world and
for it to want to be involved in the construction of 4G and 5G cellular
networks.

However, Washington has asked its allies to cut ties with Huawei, claiming its
equipment poses strong cyber security risks.

Such pressure from the US has made it very difficult for some governments and
companies to make a decision on their cooperation with Huawei, whose provision
of mobile equipment and services can make a positive contribution to their
telecommunications network.

In the latest submission, Britain's largest mobile provider BT revealed on
Wednesday it was stripping the equipment of Huawei from its core 4G cellular
network after similar moves by the US and New Zealand. Australia announced in
August that it will ban Huawei from its 5G network.

Security concerns are the reason given, but no evidence of this has been
forthcoming while the pressure from the US is writ large. What propels
Washington's animosity against China is its pertinacious Cold War mentality,
with which it continually distorts the reality of international relations.

What is badly needed for the development of China-US ties is political trust.
Yet Washington, in persuading and pressuring its allies to shun cooperation with
Huawei, has helped erode that political trust.

For better China-US relations and bright prospects for the world economy as well
as the good performance of its own economy, the US needs to change its mentality
toward China.

President Xi Jinping and his US counterpart Donald Trump had a meeting on
Saturday that was seen as bringing China-US trade relations onto the right track
of resolving their differences through talks.

Rather than clinging to the familiarity of an outdated adversarial approach to
what it considers a "rival", Washington should explore ways to put meat on the
bones of the White House's observation after Saturday's meeting that friendly
relations offer "unlimited possibilities".

China and the US are at a critical point in their relations, the US should not
let bad habits hinder their efforts to build on the positive momentum that
emerged from the meeting.

(China Daily 12/07/2018 page8)


                             514 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            December 7, 2018 Friday

HEADLINE: China calls for release of Huawei CFO after arrest in Canada

BYLINE: Ma Si and Cheng Yu

BODY:

China called for the immediate release of Meng Wanzhou, chief financial officer
of Huawei Technologies Co, on Thursday after Canadian authorities arrested her
at the request of the United States.

Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said China has made solemn
representations to Canada and the United States, demanding they clarify the
reason for the arrest and immediately release Meng in order to effectively
protect her rights and interests.

The remarks came after Canadian police, at the request of the US, reportedly
arrested Meng in Vancouver on Saturday. Meng, who is also deputy chairwoman of
Huawei and the daughter of its founder, faces extradition to the US.

Huawei, the world's second-largest smartphone vendor and a leading maker of
telecom equipment, said in a statement that it has been given very little
information regarding the charges and is not aware of any wrongdoing by Meng.

"The company believes the Canadian and US legal systems will ultimately reach a
just conclusion," Huawei said in the statement, adding that it complies with all
applicable laws and regulations where it operates, including export controls,
sanctions and regulations of the United Nations, the US and the European Union.

The arrest sent shares of Huawei's suppliers sharply lower on Thursday, and
triggered concerns about slowing the global development of fifth-generation
technology, given Huawei's leading position in the mobile communication network.

The company's products and services are available in more than 170 countries and
regions, with operations spanning Africa, Europe and Asia.

James Yan, research director at Counterpoint Technology Market Research, said
any damage to Huawei will have a broader negative impact on the global
electronics industry, given its sprawling presence in the sector.

Huawei has more than 2,000 component and service suppliers, a significant part
of which are US companies, including Qualcomm and Intel, two analysts at Guosen
Security, Cheng Cheng and Li Yajun, said in a research note.

On Thursday, Huawei suppliers AAC Technologies, Yangtze Optical Fibre and Cable,
and BYD Electronic International Co were all down 5 to 8 percent in Hong Kong.

Nicole Peng, senior director of market research company Canalys, said, "The
arrest will increase uncertainty and stoke concerns among foreign telecom
carriers."

Contact the writers at masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/07/2018 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/5/154414370132.jpg

00221917e13e1d7400d813.jpg


                             515 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            December 7, 2018 Friday

HEADLINE: Containing Huawei's expansion detrimental to China-US ties

BODY:

There is still no telling on what grounds Huawei's global chief financial
officer Meng Wanzhou has been detained in Canada, although she is reportedly
facing extradition to the United States as it alleges she was trying to evade US
curbs on trade with Iran. But one thing that is undoubtedly true and proven is
the US is trying to do whatever it can to contain Huawei's expansion in the
world simply because the company is the point man for China's competitive
technology companies.

As one of the largest makers of telecommunications network equipment, it is
natural for Huawei to cooperate with telecom companies all over the world and
for it to want to be involved in the construction of 4G and 5G cellular
networks.

However, Washington has asked its allies to cut ties with Huawei, claiming its
equipment poses strong cyber security risks.

Such pressure from the US has made it very difficult for some governments and
companies to make a decision on their cooperation with Huawei, whose provision
of mobile equipment and services can make a positive contribution to their
telecommunications network.

In the latest submission, Britain's largest mobile provider BT revealed on
Wednesday it was stripping the equipment of Huawei from its core 4G cellular
network after similar moves by the US and New Zealand. Australia announced in
August that it will ban Huawei from its 5G network.

Security concerns are the reason given, but no evidence of this has been
forthcoming while the pressure from the US is writ large. What propels
Washington's animosity against China is its pertinacious Cold War mentality,
with which it continually distorts the reality of international relations.

What is badly needed for the development of China-US ties is political trust.
Yet Washington, in persuading and pressuring its allies to shun cooperation with
Huawei, has helped erode that political trust.

For better China-US relations and bright prospects for the world economy as well
as the good performance of its own economy, the US needs to change its mentality
toward China.

President Xi Jinping and his US counterpart Donald Trump had a meeting on
Saturday that was seen as bringing China-US trade relations onto the right track
of resolving their differences through talks.

Rather than clinging to the familiarity of an outdated adversarial approach to
what it considers a "rival", Washington should explore ways to put meat on the
bones of the White House's observation after Saturday's meeting that friendly
relations offer "unlimited possibilities".

China and the US are at a critical point in their relations, the US should not
let bad habits hinder their efforts to build on the positive momentum that
emerged from the meeting.

(China Daily 12/07/2018 page8)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/10/154415084177.jpg

00221917e13e1d740d7d2b.jpg


                             516 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 6, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Officials fired for English exam mistake

BYLINE: Ma Zhenhuan in Hangzhou

BODY:

Several senior officials with the education and examination management
authorities in Zhejiang province were punished on Wednesday after the weighting
of scores in the college entrance examination's English test sparked widespread
discontent and challenges from examinees and teachers.

Students and teachers challenged weighting given to parts of test

Several senior officials with the education and examination management
authorities in Zhejiang province were punished on Wednesday after the weighting
of scores in the college entrance examination's English test sparked widespread
discontent and challenges from examinees and teachers.

Chen Guangsheng, deputy secretary-general of Zhejiang's provincial government,
told a news conference that Guo Huawei, Party secretary and head of the
provincial Education Department, and Wang Yuqing, Party secretary of the
Zhejiang Education Examinations Authority, had both been removed from their
posts.

The provincial discipline inspection commission also launched an investigation
of Wang and Chen Yujun, the chief of the examinations authority's discipline
inspection commission, for violations of Party disciplines.

Sun Heng, head of the examinations authority, was admonished by the provincial
commission.

On Nov 24, when the scores for the college entrance exam were announced, some
students and their parents cast doubts on the scores, saying they failed to
reflect examinees' actual performance.

Three days later, the provincial examinations authority replied, saying the
"level of difficulty" for "part of the test questions of this year's English
exam" had been higher than in previous years. Therefore, in order to ensure the
difficulty of various exams "remain roughly at the same level", the scores for
Section 2 (reading comprehension) and Section 3(linguistic performance) were
given extra weighting. However, the answer failed to satisfy students and
teachers.

On Saturday, the provincial government announced the formation of an
investigative team to look into the issue. It was headed by Zhejiang Governor
Yuan Jiajun and included professional educators and experts.

According to the investigation, the score weighting policy was "a serious
mistake without sufficient basis for decision-making", which had led to
"unjustified and irrational" scores.

"The scoring rules should be made before the formal marking of the test papers,
and the Zhejiang Education Examinations Authority adopted the weighted scoring
for the English test without adequate discussion," said Chen Guangsheng, also a
member of the investigative team.

He said the weighted scores will be canceled, and the original scores
reinstated.

Starting from noon on Thursday, the 260,000 examinees in Zhejiang can log on to
www.zjzs.net to check their original scores.

They can also file applications to the authorities to ask for their scores to be
reviewed.

In a letter of apology, the Education Department and examinations authority said
the weighting of the scores had "damaged the credibility and authority of the
college entrance exams".

"We will draw a lesson from our mistakes and spare no efforts to ensure the
fairness, safety and justification of the exam," the letter said.

mazhenhuan@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/06/2018 page5)


                             517 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 5, 2018 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Belt and Road a vehicle to realize common growth

BODY:

From Madrid to Buenos Aires to Panama City to Lisbon, as he has done on nearly
every other stop on his recent overseas trips, President Xi Jinping has
tirelessly promoted the building of a community of shared future for mankind,
and the Belt and Road Initiative as a means to achieve that.

Inspired by and modeled on the ancient Silk Road, the Beijing-proposed
initiative is meant to bring countries together again via infrastructure and
trade links. For Beijing, it is not only an antidote to the rising tide against
globalization, but also a means to create a community of shared interests and
responsibilities.

But not everyone sees it that way. While some countries have been quick to see
the positive potentials of the Belt and Road and how they can benefit from it,
there are some who insist on viewing it more warily.

Accompanying Xi on each of his stops, there have been the usual suspicions from
some quarters about the motives behind the Belt and Road. Although the
mysterious threat they speak of is one that they seem unable to pin down.

To some of them, it is a generic and vague assumption that investments from
China are potential "debt traps" that call for extreme vigilance. Or else
"threats to national security", which is why what would be mutually beneficial
business mergers involving Chinese enterprises have hit the rocks. The Chinese
telecommunications technology giant Huawei, for instance, has found the doors to
the 5G telecommunications markets of advanced countries closed to it on
"national security" grounds. Likewise, the European Union has agreed a framework
regulating foreign investment, particularly those from China, on the same
premise.

Even as Chinese and Portuguese leaders discuss bilateral cooperation under the
Belt and Road, there is no lack of concern about "China's influence".

But existing EU rules do not prohibit Lisbon from seeking such a partnership. If
Lisbon sees no harm from foreign investment, no outsider is in a position to
prevent it from making a choice that is in its own best interests.

Portuguese Prime Minister Antonio Costa has reminded EU decision-makers of his
country's desire for foreign investment, and advised the latter to avoid taking
"the path of protectionism".

It was a timely and apt reminder.

Xi's trip, as he wrote in a signed article published in the Portuguese media,
has taken him across the Eurasian continent to destinations in Europe and across
the Atlantic Ocean to Latin America, and what has impressed him most have been
the ardent aspirations of people around the world for peace, tranquility,
development, progress and a happier life.

In the face of the difficulties and challenges in today's world, China and the
countries that have embraced the Belt and Road are convinced it is the way to
common development and lasting peace and stability in the world.

(China Daily 12/05/2018 page8)


                             518 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 5, 2018 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Ties to boost trade in the Americas

BYLINE: Zhong Nan

BODY:

Panama will become a major regional hub for China as it further enhances
business ties with the rest of the Americas through a potential free trade
agreement, the Belt and Road Initiative and growth in the shipping sector,
officials and business executives said.

Many opportunities arose after the two countries established diplomatic ties
last year. They include companies from both nations making more moves related to
investment and trade - especially in infrastructure and tourism development,
service collaboration, mining and agricultural products, said Zhang Shaogang,
director-general of the Department of International Trade and Economic Affairs
at the Ministry of Commerce.

Commerce officials from the two countries have held four rounds of meetings on
the China-Panama FTA since June of last year, reaching agreement on almost half
the chapters, including sanitary measures, technical trade barriers, e-commerce
and intellectual property.

China and Panama held the fourth round of negotiations on the FTA in Panama in
November.

On the basis of previous negotiations, the ministry said, in-depth discussions
were conducted on issues such as goods trade, services trade, financial
services, investment, rules of origin, customs procedures, trade facilitation
and economic and trade cooperation. The fifth round of talks on the FTA will be
held in China.

Trade volume between China and Panama amounted to $6.69 billion in 2017, up 2.8
percent year-on-year, according to the China Chamber of International Commerce.

China is the second-largest user of the Panama Canal after the United States.
The Panama Canal Authority recorded a total of 44 million metric tons of cargo
moved to and from China through the canal during the 2017 fiscal year,
accounting for 18.3 percent of the canal's total flow of goods.

A number of Chinese companies, including Huawei Technologies, Bank of China and
China COSCO Shipping Group, have established branches in Panama.

Yu Zenggang, deputy-general manager of China COSCO Shipping Group, said that
since the Panama Canal was expanded in 2016, the group is able to send many huge
Panamax ships, which include oil tankers and large container and bulk carriers,
through its wider lanes.

He said COSCO will continue to enhance its presence in the country to assist its
business, particularly in sectors such as warehousing, shipping services,
logistics and staff training.

Also, China Communications Construction Co and China Harbour Engineering Co also
jointly won the bid in July for the fourth bridge over the Panama Canal with a
contract price of $1.42 billion.

Sun Ziyu, vice-president of CCCC, said the project will not only be one of the
most important engineering programs in Panama and Central America for the next
few years but also the largest bridge project for which Chinese enterprises have
won a bid in the Americas.

zhongnan@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/05/2018 page3)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/4/154397092529.jpg

00221917e13e1d714f7a0a.jpg


                             519 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           December 5, 2018 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Panama Villages in China exemplify growing bonds between two nations

BODY:

GUANGZHOU - The two-story Western-style buildings along a country road give
Rulin village in south China's Guangdong province an exotic taste.

Diplomatic ties established in June 2017, and free trade agreement currently
under negotiation

GUANGZHOU - The two-story Western-style buildings along a country road give
Rulin village in south China's Guangdong province an exotic taste.

Its nickname, "Panama Village," exemplifies its ties with the Latin American
country oceans away.

Rulin, along with several other villages in Huadu district of Guangzhou, capital
of Guangdong, has been the major source of Chinese laborers sent to Panama to
work on railroad and canal construction projects since the mid-1850s.

Today, around 7 percent of Panama's population of 4.3 million has Chinese
ancestry, and many can trace their origin to villages in southern China.

With diplomatic ties between China and Panama established in June 2017, and a
free trade agreement currently under negotiation, exchanges are continuing to
grow between Chinese Panamanians and their ancestral homes.

"Ask anyone here, it's almost certain they'll tell you they have relatives in
Panama," said Liao Yundong, former head of Rulin village.

"Both my daughters went to Panama after graduating high school and have settled
down there."

Enrique Lau Cortes, whose father arrived in Panama more than a century ago when
the Panama Canal started operation, set foot in his ancestral home in Huadu
district in September for the first time.

"The Chinese cultural values taught by my father and the Panamanian
characteristics inherited from my mother both run in my blood," said Cortes, who
is president of the International Affairs Research Association of Panama.

"Traditions are never lost, and cultural connections bring us closer together,"
said Cortes during a tour of his ancestral temple in the district.

Some Chinese couples in Panama choose to send their children back to study in
their home villages.

Zhu Bingshen from Rulin village now looks after his grandson, who studies at a
local elementary school. His son went to Panama at 17, settled down and runs a
supermarket there.

"They want their children to go to a primary school here and learn about China
and Chinese culture first, and then go to school in Panama," said Zhu.

Rulin Elementary School was first set up in 1948 and was rebuilt at the original
site with the support of overseas Chinese in Panama in 1995.

"The parents send their children here to study because they don't want them to
forget their roots," said Zhuo Weiliang, deputy head of the school.

Eight overseas children now study in the school. Zhuo said the school has
offered flexible program durations ranging from two or three months to a whole
semester for children from Panama.

Local children have partnered with their overseas peers to help each other learn
Chinese and English, said Li Jinlong, a teacher in the school.

Unlike their ancestors who were mainly laborers in Panama, most overseas Chinese
in the country today run businesses, contributing to and benefiting from
stronger bilateral trade ties in recent years.

China is the world's second largest user of the Panama Canal, and Chinese
companies like Huawei and China Harbour Engineering Company have set up their
Latin American headquarters in the country.

The FTA between both sides is expected to further enhance cooperation in areas
such as goods trade, service trade, financial services, investment, rules of
origin and customs procedures, according to China's Ministry of Commerce.

"Latin America and the Caribbean play an important role in boosting global
connectivity under China's Belt and Road Initiative," said Wang Yiwei, head of
the International Affairs Institute of Renmin University of China. "There is a
lot for both sides to work on."

Xinhua

(China Daily 12/05/2018 page12)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/43/154397092553.jpg

00221917e13e1d7153b526.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/20/154397092574.jpg

00221917e13e1d7153bb27.jpg


                             520 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            December 4, 2018 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Western areas still leading way on growth

BYLINE: Xin Zhiming in Beijing and Qiu Quanlin in Guangzhou

BODY:

A company in Guangdong province whose main business is selling electrical
appliances made from a traditional type of porcelain has decided to increase its
market presence through the use of new technology.

Expansion eases in provinces undergoing restructuring

A company in Guangdong province whose main business is selling electrical
appliances made from a traditional type of porcelain has decided to increase its
market presence through the use of new technology.

A new cooker produced by Guangdong Jians Yili Electrical Appliances that uses
internally circulated steam and infrared technology is able to help reduce
cholesterol in food, the company said.

It has an interior made of red porcelain, known as zisha in Chinese. The
porcelain is rich in minerals that can break down fat in food as it cooks,
helping to reduce cholesterol, officials said.

Left: Visitors are shown a digitalized city control center at the China
International Big Data Industry Expo 2018 in Guiyang, Guizhou province. Right:
Improving local infrastructure is one of the key ways of eradicating poverty in
Tashikurgan, Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region. Photos by Tao Liang and Hu Huhu /
Xinhua

"Making an electrical appliance such as a cooker able to improve health through
the introduction of innovative technology is of great importance in boosting our
business," said Shi Zehua, chairman of Zhuhai HMH Industry Investment, an
investor in the electrical appliance manufacturer.

Guangdong Jians Yili is one of many private enterprises driving the shift in the
development focus of the province, a major southern economic hub.

Guangdong has the country's largest local economy. Its GDP exceeded 7 trillion
yuan ($1.02 trillion) in the first three quarters of this year and could top 9
trillion yuan for the year - about the same as the GDP of Spain, which ranked
14th globally last year.

But Guangdong's growth rate has eased as it undergoes restructuring.

Other traditional Chinese economic powerhouses, mainly in eastern areas, have
had a similar growth trajectory, as seen from third-quarter data released by
provincial statistical bureaus, which provide a close look at the performances
of different regions.

Western areas continued to lead in terms of economic expansion, with Yunnan
province in Southwest China taking first place with year-on-year GDP growth of
9.1 percent, followed by Guizhou province and the Tibet autonomous region, both
at 9 percent.

All 31 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities have released their GDP
figures.

Sixteen reported growth higher than the national rate, which was 6.7 percent in
the first nine months; 13 registered growth lower than 6.7 percent; while the
growth rate in Beijing and Jiangsu province was the same as the national figure.

Eastern restructuring

Eastern areas, which have traditionally led economic growth, have seen this ease
in recent years as more emphasis has been placed on economic restructuring to
strengthen their competitive edge and achieve more-sustainable development. This
has seen the arrival of new growth drivers, such as the digital economy.

For example, in Zhejiang province, output in the digital economy rose by 14.8
percent in the first three quarters, much faster than the province's overall GDP
growth.

In Beijing, new economy growth, such as that from information technology and the
internet, reached 13.6 percent in the first three quarters, accounting for
one-third of the municipality's GDP.

The capital's heavy investment in research and development is a major factor
behind its prospering economy. Although it ranked 12th in terms of GDP scale
among all the provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities, it was one of
the top five in terms of investment in research and development.

Western growth

Three western regions, led by Yunnan and Guizhou, are in the top five of the
country's fastest-growing.

They have registered high growth in recent years, taking advantage of
technological advancement to speed their economic expansion.

Given their lower level of economic development, their production-related costs,
such as labor and land prices, have been at relatively low levels, making them
ideal destinations for industrial transfers from the more developed eastern
regions, analysts said.

Moreover, some of them, such as Guizhou, have taken advantage of the fast growth
in emerging industries, such as IT and the internet, to propel their economic
growth, said Song Qinghui, an independent economist in Shenzhen, Guangdong.

Guizhou, for instance, decided to focus on the development of big data in 2014,
hoping to make it a major pillar of its economy.

Home to more than 4,000 big data enterprises, the province has become a major
national big data center, with a number of multinationals, such as Microsoft,
Apple, Alibaba and Huawei Technologies, establishing branches there. The big
data industry contributed about 20 percent of Guizhou's economic growth from
2014 to last year.

"The fast rise of emerging industries has constituted a strong driving force for
the continual growth of western economies," Song said.

Although their growth has led the nation's, western areas have seen their
economic expansion slow due to the overall weakening of the national economy.

Guizhou's GDP growth in the first three quarters was 1 percentage point lower
than in the first half of this year, while that in Yunnan slowed to 9.1 percent,
down from 9.5 percent last year.

Central provinces

Investment has contributed significantly to growth in central provinces. In
Anhui, fixed asset investment increased by 11.9 percent, up by 1.9 percentage
points year-on-year and 6.5 percentage points higher than the national level.
Thanks to the support of rapid fixed asset investment growth, Anhui has been
relatively resilient against the backdrop of a slowing national economy,
analysts said.

The services industry has also made a major contribution to the high economic
growth of those provinces.

"This industry has become a major driving force for the development of the
central provinces. It contributed to about 50 percent of their economic growth,"
Song said. "The ratio is still on the rise."

Causes of weakening

Compared with last year, GDP growth of many local economies has weakened. For
instance, growth in Yunnan, which was 9.1 percent in the first three quarters,
the fastest in the country, was significantly lower than that of Guizhou, which
registered the fastest growth nationally of 10.2 percent last year.

Local economies weakened as national economic growth fell to 6.5 percent in the
third quarter from 6.8 percent in the first. This was due to falling
infrastructure investment and consumption, tightened financial regulations and
environmental protection measures that have affected liquidity and production in
some areas, weak external demand, and uncertainties caused by the recent
China-US trade disputes.

Faced with slowing growth, the central authorities adjusted their regulatory
stance by adopting targeted measures in some sectors to channel funds into the
real economy and infrastructure construction, steps that have benefited local
growth.

The Sino-US trade disputes have affected some local economies, mainly the
exporting eastern provinces.

Some areas, such as Zhejiang, Jiangsu and Shanghai, may be affected the most by
the trade disputes between the two countries, Song said.

"We expect to see disruption in a number of provinces that rely heavily on trade
for economic growth, including Guangdong, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, along with
Shanghai. These areas are China's traditional exporting powerhouses, accounting
for more than half of the country's total export flows in 2017," the Economist
Intelligence Unit said in a report in September.

Last year, exports as a percentage of regional GDP stood at 50 percent in
Guangdong, almost 40 percent in Zhejiang and Shanghai and at about 30 percent in
Jiangsu, according to the report.

These areas will have to face changes and work out solutions. "They need to
adapt to the new situation through product innovation, industrial upgrading and
tapping new markets in other countries, such as those involved in the Belt and
Road Initiative," Song said.

Strengthened environmental protection measures have also affected local growth,
according to a research note by Everbright Securities.

"These measures have had some impact on local growth, but the effect is waning
... after the authorities banned some local practices, such as willfully
stopping production in factories, which violated regulations," the note said.

Statistical reform

Strict implementation of the statistics law also has had an effect on the
results of local economies as the central authorities have tightened monitoring
of statistical bureaus, the securities firm said.

Since 2016, the authorities have released a series of documents urging that the
quality of statistics be improved and that those involved in falsifying data be
severely punished.

The total for the GDP figures reported by all provinces, regions and
municipalities is often higher than the final one calculated by the National
Bureau of Statistics. This is either for technical reasons, such as duplicated
calculation by local bureaus, or falsifying of figures by local officials.

Last year, the total for all local GDP figures was 2.4 percent higher than the
figure calculated by the NBS, but the gap was significantly narrower than in
previous years, showing that tightened top-level statistical monitoring has
played a role in improving the accuracy of GDP calculation, Everbright
Securities said.

From next year, the NBS will reform the system used to collect and calculate
data. At present, city and provincial statistics bureaus collect information,
such as output data, for their jurisdictions and calculate GDP scale, but after
the reforms are introduced, this power will be transferred to higher
authorities.

As a result, central statistical authorities will be in charge of calculating
provincial-level GDP, and provincial bureaus will handle GDP calculation for
cities.

Such reforms aim to avoid falsification of GDP figures and make statistics more
accurate, analysts said.

"The move will help unify national data and local statistics," said Cai Zhizhou,
a statistics professor at Peking University.

(China Daily 12/04/2018 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/43/154388460612.jpg

a41f726719b21d6fff0b04.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/60/154388460640.jpg

a41f726719b21d6fff1f05.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/28/154388460676.jpg

a41f726719b21d6fff2c07.jpg


                             521 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            December 3, 2018 Monday

HEADLINE: On chinadaily.com.cn

BODY:

Book: 'Handmaid's Tale' sequel coming

Canadian author Margaret Atwood said last week that she is writing a sequel to
her bestselling dystopian novel The Handmaid's Tale. "Yes indeed to those who
asked: I'm writing a sequel to The #Handmaids Tale," Atwood wrote on her social
media account. Called The Testaments, the novel will be set 15 years after the
events depicted in The Handmaid's Tale and will be narrated by three female
characters, Atwood wrote. The book is due to be published in September 2019 by
Penguin Random House, a division of Germany's Bertelsmann. The Handmaid's Tale,
a bleak vision of a near future in a society called Gilead, where women are
banned from reading and writing, have their children taken away from them, and
are forced into sexual servitude by a patriarchal dictatorship, was first
published in 1985. Visit our website to check it out.

Forum: Samsung, Apple losing ground

Samsung and Apple are losing ground in the global smartphone market because of
sluggish market demand and growing Chinese brands, researchers said. In
September, Samsung and Apple combined were the makers of slightly less than 50
percent of the world's active smartphones, compared with 52.3 percent in
September last year and 56.5 percent in 2016, according to researcher Newzoo.
Chinese brands, including Oppo, Huawei, Xiaomi and Vivo are "slowly but surely
increasing their market share," Newzoo said. In September this year, the two
most popular brands based on active smartphones were Samsung and Apple, with
respective market shares of 26.2 percent and 23.7 percent, compared with 10.4
percent for Oppo, which was in third place. In the fourth quarter, global
smartphone production capacity will reach 380 million units, unchanged from the
third quarter, researcher TrendForce said. Sluggish market demand, especially
lower-than-expected new iPhone sales, has dampened production, analysts said.

Culture: What's up in Beijing? Find out here

Discover the best things to do in Beijing with our weekly roundup of art and
exhibitions, music, performances and activities around town. A new exhibition at
the National Art Museum of China puts in spotlight artworks from the collections
of the National Museum of Contemporary Art in Athens, Greece. On display are
works created by Greek artists and others of international renown, narrating the
relationship between language, paper and handwriting. Niki de Saint Phalle is a
well-known French-American sculptor, painter, and filmmaker - and one of the
most highly acclaimed female artists of the 20th century. The Today Art Museum
is presenting a retrospective exhibition of her work. Following a timeline, the
exhibition presents important works of Saint Phalle since the 1960s and shows
her comprehensive practice in painting, sculpture, performing arts, feminist
art, large-scale public art and movies.

(China Daily 12/03/2018 page22)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/45/154379811105.jpg

a41f726719b21d6ec04232.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/83/154379811136.jpg

a41f726719b21d6ec04a33.jpg


                             522 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            December 3, 2018 Monday

HEADLINE: Ready to take on Samsung, Apple

BYLINE: Fan Feifei

BODY:

Imagine a quiz question that goes something like this: Which Chinese smartphone
brand commands a user community of more than 5 million members from 196
countries and regions?

China's OnePlus is ramping up its play in the high-end smartphone segment

Imagine a quiz question that goes something like this: Which Chinese smartphone
brand commands a user community of more than 5 million members from 196
countries and regions? Or: Which Chinese smartphone brand's products are sold
directly in 35 countries and regions worldwide?

Most people may guess it might be Xiaomi, Huawei, Vivo or Oppo. But the correct
answer is: OnePlus.

The Shenzhen, Guangdong province-based smartphone manufacturer is ramping up its
global presence to attract more users and seek new growth engines.

Consumers queue at the entrance of a telecommunications store to buy OnePlus
smartphones in New York. Provided to China Daily

It is also itching to give a tough fight to global high-end smartphone leaders
Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and Apple Inc.

OnePlus entered the US offline market in October after receiving the backing of
two key local allies in chip giant Qualcomm Inc and mobile operator T-Mobile US
Inc.

The strategic partnership with T-Mobile allows OnePlus to sell its 6T model
exclusively at the carrier's over 5,600 stores in the US. Typically, a OnePlus
6T model handset's starting price is $549. It is the first time that a OnePlus
handset has been sold through a US wireless provider.

There are good reasons why the 6T model found favor in the US market. The
handset boasts a 6.41-inch sophisticated display screen, Qualcomm Snapdragon 845
processor, 8GB RAM and up to 256GB storage. It features a 3,700mAh battery and a
dual rear camera made up of a 20-megapixel main sensor and a secondary
16-megapixel sensor at a competitive price.

All these specifications and price points of the 6T model have been giving
consumers eyeing Samsung or Apple devices second thoughts.

The rise of OnePlus comes after US mobile carriers AT&T and Verizon this year
backed away from plans to work with China's Huawei Technologies Co Ltd on
high-end smartphones in face of pressure from the US government.

While some OnePlus models have been on sale in the US through e-commerce
websites, carrier relationships like the one with T-Mobile are critical because
most US consumers still buy phones through their carriers.

The company's slogan is "Producing the best Android flagship smartphones". It
has spread widely since the company's launch five years ago.

"We have been sticking to a unified international standard to create excellent
products that transcend race, region, language and cultural differences. We hope
the world will truly identify with and show respect to Chinese brands," said
Pete Lau, CEO and founder of OnePlus.

Lau said that from the day it was established in 2013, OnePlus always sought
global play. "The reason that we have survived in this highly competitive
atmosphere is inseparable from our focus on product - on building one flagship
at a time," Lau said.

According to market consultancy IDC, OnePlus had the largest share of 44.3
percent in the $400-$600 smartphone market in the US last year, thanks to online
sales.

OnePlus' record is unusual for a Chinese technology company. Its competitors
typically focus on mass-market products in the domestic market. In contrast,
One-Plus sells only premium phones that cost $400 or more. This it does almost
exclusively online, except in India. It derives two-thirds of its revenue from
outside China and is the top seller of premium smartphones in India.

The company reported $1.4 billion in 2017 revenue, and nearly 70 percent of it
came from overseas markets - solid proof of the effectiveness of OnePlus' global
market strategy.

"Our community culture has been the core of our culture from the very beginning.
We hope to create a perfect Android flagship that our users want to use," said
Lau, adding whenever he has free time, he communicates with online community
users and listens to user feedback.

Given its stupendous success in India, OnePlus is expanding its presence in that
market. India, he said, remains an important market for OnePlus, contributing
almost a third of its global revenue. The brand is also capitalizing on strong
word of mouth and leveraging social media effectively to reach out to its target
user base.

According to a report from Counterpoint Research, OnePlus surpassed Samsung and
Apple as the fastest-growing premium smartphone brand in India during the second
quarter of this year. A premium smartphone is defined as a device whose price is
over $436.

OnePlus has been the fastest-growing brand in the top-end handset segment as
well against a backdrop of year-on-year decline in shipments of Apple and
Samsung. It carved out a 40-percent share of the market on the back of strong
sales of its flagship OnePlus 6.

The Counterpoint report said there is a new trend where "affordable
ultra-premium" is wooing aspiring rich and young consumers away from more
expensive offerings from Samsung and Apple.

"The steady focus on high-end flagship smartphones and unprecedented community
connect helped OnePlus earn user trust and spread brand awareness through word
of mouth," said Neil Shah, partner & research director of IoT (internet of
things), mobile and ecosystems at Counterpoint Research.

Shah said OnePlus became a No 1 brand in the premium segment within just 14
quarters of entering India. This catapulted it to the coveted group of the five
biggest smartphone brands with over 4 percent revenue share for the first time
ever.

Industry experts said OnePlus is now increasing its points of sale by launching
its offline and exclusive stores across key cities in India.

This will enable the brand to reach out to a larger user base going forward, as
the premium handset segment is estimated to grow faster than the overall
smartphone market in India this year and beyond.

fanfeifei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 12/03/2018 page14)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/95/154379812221.jpg

a41f726719b21d6eb58e0b.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/67/154379812257.jpg

a41f726719b21d6eb5a30c.jpg


                             523 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            November 26, 2018 Monday

HEADLINE: Country racing ahead in boosting autonomous driving development

BYLINE: Li Fusheng

BODY:

China is speeding up its development of autonomous driving and is expected to
become the leader in the technology, which is believed key to the future of the
automotive industry, according to consultancy Roland Berger.

Consultancy says more electric cars, better government policies are helping
China to stand out

China is speeding up its development of autonomous driving and is expected to
become the leader in the technology, which is believed key to the future of the
automotive industry, according to consultancy Roland Berger.

In a report released in October, China topped a list of 14 countries with a
score of 75 points out of 130, calculated with a number of indices to measure
which country will be the first to introduce autonomous mobility.

In half a year, China had expanded its lead over its closest rival, Singapore,
to five points, while Germany ranked eighth and the United States ninth. Six
months ago, China led by only one point.

An autonomous vehicle with Baidu's Apollo system at the Guangzhou auto show in
November. The Apollo has attracted more than 100 partners including Chinese and
international carmakers. Li Fusheng / China Daily

The advantage China enjoys is the result of several factors, mainly its leading
position in electrified vehicles and favorable government policies, Roland
Berger said in the report.

Ron Zheng, a partner and vice-president of the consultancy's China business,
explained that electric vehicles have the natural advantage in terms of
autonomous driving, because electric motors are easier to control than gasoline
cars' engines and transmissions.

"So China's advantage in new energy vehicles has laid a solid foundation for the
application of autonomous driving," Zheng said.

China overtook the US in 2015 as the world's largest new energy vehicle market.

Electric passenger car sales totaled 451,000 in the first three quarters of the
year in the country, up 75 percent year-on-year, according to the China
Association of Automobile Manufacturers. Roland Berger's survey found that 65
percent of Chinese respondents say they would consider buying electric cars.

Chinese authorities are now becoming open to the autonomous vehicle business,
another factor that helped it grow its lead over other countries.

In August, China rolled out a set of national standards for testing smart
autonomous cars on roads. Before that, a dozen regional authorities had issued
their own guidelines, with the first released in Beijing in December 2017, a
sign of China's eagerness for the new technology.

China expects smart cars with some autonomous functions to account for 50
percent of new vehicles sold in the country by 2020, according to a blueprint
released in January by the National Development and Reform Commission.

It is part of the country's campaign to become a global power in smart car
development and production by 2035.

Chinese technology companies are becoming stars in the field. Baidu did not
unveil its Apollo self-driving platform until early 2017, but now it has
attracted about 100 partners, including Ford, Daimler and Honda.

Volvo joined the consortium earlier this month, announcing that it will develop
electric robo-taxis with Baidu primarily for China. The vehicles will come out
in three years, Volvo President and CEO Hakan Samuelsson said.

"There is a strong development in autonomous driving in China, where Baidu is a
leading player, and the market there offers huge opportunities for us as the
supplier of choice for autonomous fleets," Samuelsson said.

Other Chinese technology companies are working on autonomous driving, as well.
Huawei is partnering with Audi on autonomous and connected technologies in Wuxi,
Jiangsu province, where the German carmaker has received its second permit in
China to test autonomous vehicles.

"No country is moving as aggressively as China in all aspects. With this pace
ongoing, China will soon become the leading auto-tech nation," Roland Berger
said in its report.

Many other consulting companies are also optimistic about the prospects of
autonomous driving in China.

Earlier this year, IHS Markit predicted that around 14.5 million autonomous cars
will be sold in China by 2040, on a total global volume of around 33 million.

McKinsey & Company gave a similar estimate in April, saying that 49 percent of
Chinese consumers think autonomous driving is very important, a higher figure
than the 16 percent in Germany and the US.

lifusheng@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 11/26/2018 page18)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/9/154319335000.jpg

a41f726719b21d65775e1e.jpg


                             524 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            November 26, 2018 Monday

HEADLINE: Country racing ahead in boosting autonomous driving development

BYLINE: Li Fusheng

BODY:

China is speeding up its development of autonomous driving and is expected to
become the leader in the technology, which is believed key to the future of the
automotive industry, according to consultancy Roland Berger.

Consultancy says more electric cars, better government policies are helping
China to stand out

China is speeding up its development of autonomous driving and is expected to
become the leader in the technology, which is believed key to the future of the
automotive industry, according to consultancy Roland Berger.

In a report released in October, China topped a list of 14 countries with a
score of 75 points out of 130, calculated with a number of indices to measure
which country will be the first to introduce autonomous mobility.

In half a year, China had expanded its lead over its closest rival, Singapore,
to five points, while Germany ranked eighth and the United States ninth. Six
months ago, China led by only one point.

An autonomous vehicle with Baidu's Apollo system at the Guangzhou auto show in
November. The Apollo has attracted more than 100 partners including Chinese and
international carmakers. Li Fusheng / China Daily

The advantage China enjoys is the result of several factors, mainly its leading
position in electrified vehicles and favorable government policies, Roland
Berger said in the report.

Ron Zheng, a partner and vice-president of the consultancy's China business,
explained that electric vehicles have the natural advantage in terms of
autonomous driving, because electric motors are easier to control than gasoline
cars' engines and transmissions.

"So China's advantage in new energy vehicles has laid a solid foundation for the
application of autonomous driving," Zheng said.

China overtook the US in 2015 as the world's largest new energy vehicle market.

Electric passenger car sales totaled 451,000 in the first three quarters of the
year in the country, up 75 percent year-on-year, according to the China
Association of Automobile Manufacturers. Roland Berger's survey found that 65
percent of Chinese respondents say they would consider buying electric cars.

Chinese authorities are now becoming open to the autonomous vehicle business,
another factor that helped it grow its lead over other countries.

In August, China rolled out a set of national standards for testing smart
autonomous cars on roads. Before that, a dozen regional authorities had issued
their own guidelines, with the first released in Beijing in December 2017, a
sign of China's eagerness for the new technology.

China expects smart cars with some autonomous functions to account for 50
percent of new vehicles sold in the country by 2020, according to a blueprint
released in January by the National Development and Reform Commission.

It is part of the country's campaign to become a global power in smart car
development and production by 2035.

Chinese technology companies are becoming stars in the field. Baidu did not
unveil its Apollo self-driving platform until early 2017, but now it has
attracted about 100 partners, including Ford, Daimler and Honda.

Volvo joined the consortium earlier this month, announcing that it will develop
electric robo-taxis with Baidu primarily for China. The vehicles will come out
in three years, Volvo President and CEO Hakan Samuelsson said.

"There is a strong development in autonomous driving in China, where Baidu is a
leading player, and the market there offers huge opportunities for us as the
supplier of choice for autonomous fleets," Samuelsson said.

Other Chinese technology companies are working on autonomous driving, as well.
Huawei is partnering with Audi on autonomous and connected technologies in Wuxi,
Jiangsu province, where the German carmaker has received its second permit in
China to test autonomous vehicles.

"No country is moving as aggressively as China in all aspects. With this pace
ongoing, China will soon become the leading auto-tech nation," Roland Berger
said in its report.

Many other consulting companies are also optimistic about the prospects of
autonomous driving in China.

Earlier this year, IHS Markit predicted that around 14.5 million autonomous cars
will be sold in China by 2040, on a total global volume of around 33 million.

McKinsey & Company gave a similar estimate in April, saying that 49 percent of
Chinese consumers think autonomous driving is very important, a higher figure
than the 16 percent in Germany and the US.

lifusheng@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 11/26/2018 page18)


                             525 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            November 26, 2018 Monday

HEADLINE: Country racing ahead in boosting autonomous driving development

BYLINE: Li Fusheng

BODY:

China is speeding up its development of autonomous driving and is expected to
become the leader in the technology, which is believed key to the future of the
automotive industry, according to consultancy Roland Berger.

Consultancy says more electric cars, better government policies are helping
China to stand out

China is speeding up its development of autonomous driving and is expected to
become the leader in the technology, which is believed key to the future of the
automotive industry, according to consultancy Roland Berger.

In a report released in October, China topped a list of 14 countries with a
score of 75 points out of 130, calculated with a number of indices to measure
which country will be the first to introduce autonomous mobility.

In half a year, China had expanded its lead over its closest rival, Singapore,
to five points, while Germany ranked eighth and the United States ninth. Six
months ago, China led by only one point.

An autonomous vehicle with Baidu's Apollo system at the Guangzhou auto show in
November. The Apollo has attracted more than 100 partners including Chinese and
international carmakers. Li Fusheng / China Daily

The advantage China enjoys is the result of several factors, mainly its leading
position in electrified vehicles and favorable government policies, Roland
Berger said in the report.

Ron Zheng, a partner and vice-president of the consultancy's China business,
explained that electric vehicles have the natural advantage in terms of
autonomous driving, because electric motors are easier to control than gasoline
cars' engines and transmissions.

"So China's advantage in new energy vehicles has laid a solid foundation for the
application of autonomous driving," Zheng said.

China overtook the US in 2015 as the world's largest new energy vehicle market.

Electric passenger car sales totaled 451,000 in the first three quarters of the
year in the country, up 75 percent year-on-year, according to the China
Association of Automobile Manufacturers. Roland Berger's survey found that 65
percent of Chinese respondents say they would consider buying electric cars.

Chinese authorities are now becoming open to the autonomous vehicle business,
another factor that helped it grow its lead over other countries.

In August, China rolled out a set of national standards for testing smart
autonomous cars on roads. Before that, a dozen regional authorities had issued
their own guidelines, with the first released in Beijing in December 2017, a
sign of China's eagerness for the new technology.

China expects smart cars with some autonomous functions to account for 50
percent of new vehicles sold in the country by 2020, according to a blueprint
released in January by the National Development and Reform Commission.

It is part of the country's campaign to become a global power in smart car
development and production by 2035.

Chinese technology companies are becoming stars in the field. Baidu did not
unveil its Apollo self-driving platform until early 2017, but now it has
attracted about 100 partners, including Ford, Daimler and Honda.

Volvo joined the consortium earlier this month, announcing that it will develop
electric robo-taxis with Baidu primarily for China. The vehicles will come out
in three years, Volvo President and CEO Hakan Samuelsson said.

"There is a strong development in autonomous driving in China, where Baidu is a
leading player, and the market there offers huge opportunities for us as the
supplier of choice for autonomous fleets," Samuelsson said.

Other Chinese technology companies are working on autonomous driving, as well.
Huawei is partnering with Audi on autonomous and connected technologies in Wuxi,
Jiangsu province, where the German carmaker has received its second permit in
China to test autonomous vehicles.

"No country is moving as aggressively as China in all aspects. With this pace
ongoing, China will soon become the leading auto-tech nation," Roland Berger
said in its report.

Many other consulting companies are also optimistic about the prospects of
autonomous driving in China.

Earlier this year, IHS Markit predicted that around 14.5 million autonomous cars
will be sold in China by 2040, on a total global volume of around 33 million.

McKinsey & Company gave a similar estimate in April, saying that 49 percent of
Chinese consumers think autonomous driving is very important, a higher figure
than the 16 percent in Germany and the US.

lifusheng@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 11/26/2018 page18)


                             526 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            November 23, 2018 Friday

HEADLINE: Panama marks ties with China

BYLINE: Liu Yinmeng in Panama City

BODY:

In 1854, a ship carrying Chinese workers, many from South China's Guangdong
province, landed in Panama to work on the country's railway construction.

Nation is Latin America's first to sign up to the Belt and Road Initiative

In 1854, a ship carrying Chinese workers, many from South China's Guangdong
province, landed in Panama to work on the country's railway construction.

Their journey kicked off more than 160 years of exchange between the peoples of
China and Panama, culminating in the signing of a joint communique on June 13,
2017, which established diplomatic relations between the two countries.

To celebrate the one-year anniversary of the bilateral link, the Guangzhou
People's Government and China Daily invited more than 2,000 people to the local
Chinese Cultural Center on Thursday for a special "storytelling event".

Through the stories, traditional folk dances and jump rope performances by
students, the event was aimed at creating a platform to enhance cultural
exchange and educational opportunities, further testifying to the mutual
interest in collaboration between China and Panama.

More than 300,000 people of Chinese descent, or 10 percent of the total
population, currently live in Panama, according to the Overseas Chinese Affairs
Office of the State Council, but the Central American country's connection with
China goes back to the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911).

The current director of the Society of International Studies Panama said he was
finally able to connect with his paternal relatives following the establishment
of diplomatic ties between China and Panama.

But when it comes to the struggle of Chinese-Panamanians, no one understands it
better than Liu Yanglie, a business owner originally from Huadu, a district in
Guangzhou's northern suburbs.

"In the 1980s, I just came to Panama; I was so poor, but I was very fortunate to
work at the food wholesale company of my brother Liu Wenhui, who had been living
and working in Panama," said Liu.

Later, Liu accumulated experience and learned Spanish. He started his own beef
store in 1985 and opened a Chinese restaurant in 1989.

It's estimated that around 80 percent of the Chinese residents in Panama hail
from Huadu, where some villages are nicknamed "Panama Village" due to the high
number of locals who have migrated to Panama. Although China and Panama have
enjoyed a special bond due to the immigration history, the two countries also
have collaborated closely in the economic realm in recent history. China is the
second-largest client of the Panama Canal after the United States. A number of
Chinese companies, including Huawei, also have established their branches in
Panama, known as the "hub of the Americas".

On July 29, a group made up of China Communications Construction Co Ltd and
China Harbour Engineering Co Ltd won a $1.42 billion contract to build the
fourth bridge over the Panama Canal, according to Reuters.

Economic collaboration

Many people expect more economic collaboration to follow after the forming of
diplomatic ties between the two countries.

"China and related countries are building an international platform of
collaboration through the One Belt One Road initiative," said Jiang Jianguo,
deputy head of the Publicity Department of the Communist Party of China and a
keynote speaker at Thursday's event.

He said Latin America is the "indispensable participant" in the development of
the Belt and Road Initiative, and Panama is the Maritime Silk Road's "natural
extension" into the region. Panama became the first Latin American country to
sign up for the initiative, followed by Antigua, Barbuda, Trinidad and Tobago,
and Bolivia.

The initiative is a great opportunity for economic enhancement and societal
progress for Panama, said Leonardo Enrique Collado Trejos, an economist and
professor from the University of Panama's Regional Center in Azuero.

"The building of diplomatic ties between China and Panama would further enhance
the logistics economy of Panama," he said. "China is a golden opportunity in
Panama's diplomatic history."

teresaliu@chinadailyusa.com

(China Daily 11/23/2018 page11)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/97/154293404219.jpg

00221917e13e1d618d4c3e.jpg


                             527 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            November 23, 2018 Friday

HEADLINE: Big data proves boon in Guiyang

BYLINE: Erik Nilsson in Guiyang

BODY:

Topographically treacherous Guiyang has used innovation to transform its
geological disadvantages into advantages, especially during the most recent
stage of reform and opening-up.

Emerging technologies help city make the most of its tough terrain

Topographically treacherous Guiyang has used innovation to transform its
geological disadvantages into advantages, especially during the most recent
stage of reform and opening-up.

Its mountains have proved to be development hurdles, sometimes literally, in
areas such as transportation infrastructure.

Yet that very geology is now proving to be a boon rather than a bane for the
development of Guiyang and surrounding areas in Guizhou province. That is
because it is seismically stable, and its altitudes produce relatively steady,
cool temperatures year-round, which makes it ideal for big data infrastructure.

Guizhou's data economy grew by 37 percent last year, and its value addition is
expected to account for 30 percent of the province's GDP by 2020.

Guiyang has ranked No 1 among provincial capitals in GDP growth for the past
five years. Its GDP reached 353.8 billion yuan ($50.9 billion) last year, about
79 times the 1978 figure based on comparable prices, with annual growth
averaging 12.3 percent over the past four decades.

The city's big data is transforming sectors such as agriculture, healthcare and
transport cargo across the province, country and world.

Truck driver Gao Dabao said big data collection in Guiyang has changed his life
through a single app - Huochebang. He used to find work by driving around
shipping centers throughout the country, looking at lists hung on lobby walls to
see what goods were being sent when and where, and for what price.

"It was inconvenient and tiring," Gao said. "Now, I just search Huochebang to
find cargo to drive. It's easy."

Based in Guiyang, Huochebang is the country's largest shipment information
internet platform. It links 5.2 million trucks with 1.25 million users -
businesses and individuals - who want cargo transported.

"Our main target is to solve problems in the informatization of truck and cargo
matching," said Zhao Qiang, vice-president of Huochebang. "This can lower
logistics costs, which benefits all of society.

"We've grown rapidly since we arrived in Guizhou in 2014, when big data was
booming. Big data helps us understand more about such areas as trucks and human
behaviors. So it empowers the industry."

Big data also enables the establishment of credit systems and conflict
mediation, he said, adding: "There were often disagreements due to a lack of
credibility. Drivers are graded according to big data. That can extend to
loans."

In the past four years, Huochebang has grown from a small acorn into a unicorn,
a startup valued at $1 billion.

"The market for truck drivers is huge - so huge that it'll be worth more than 1
trillion yuan in the near future," Luo Peng, vice-president of Manbang Group,
which owns Huochebang, said in June.

"The domestic logistics supply is very fragmented. China now has around 1.5
million logistics companies and tens of millions of truckers. As an industrial
internet platform, we need to ramp up resources to better serve the drivers via
emerging technologies such as big data and artificial intelligence."

Guiyang ranks in the top 10 Chinese cities for computing power, according to the
2018 China AI Computing Power Development Report released at the 2018 AI
Computing Conference in Beijing in September.

Industry investment has increased tenfold in the past year, while the computing
power of artificial intelligence has grown by 230 percent and the amount of data
has expanded by 50 percent.

Big tech giants such as Apple, Qualcomm, Huawei, Tencent, Alibaba and Foxconn
have regional headquarters in the city as well as cloud-computing and big data
centers.

Per capita disposable income in Guiyang's urban area was 32,186 yuan last year,
up by 11.9 times in real terms compared with that of 1980, with annual growth
averaging about 7.2 percent.

The figure for rural areas was 14,264 yuan, 12.2 times more than in 1980 in real
terms, with an annual average growth of about 7.2 percent.

Looking ahead, Guiyang seems poised to expand the data industries that transform
its geology from a stumbling block into a launchpad in the next stages of the
reform and opening-up in the new era.

Yang Jun, Wang Ru, Li Hanyi and Che Weiwei contributed to this story.

erik_nilsson@chinadaily.com.cn

Tourists experience virtual reality technology at Oriental Science Fiction
Valley, a science fiction theme park in Guiyang, Guizhou province.Yang Jun /
China Daily

(China Daily 11/23/2018 page7)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/31/154293404553.jpg

00221917e13e1d618b4231.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/53/154293404575.jpg

00221917e13e1d618b4832.jpg


                             528 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            November 23, 2018 Friday

HEADLINE: Suppliers of Apple cut revenue estimates

BYLINE: Fan Feifei

BODY:

Major suppliers of components and parts to Apple Inc have cut their revenue
estimates due to the lower-than-expected sales of the tech behemoth's newly
launched iPhone XR amid fierce competition from rivals.

Sales of new iPhone XR lower than expected amid fierce competition

Major suppliers of components and parts to Apple Inc have cut their revenue
estimates due to the lower-than-expected sales of the tech behemoth's newly
launched iPhone XR amid fierce competition from rivals.

Foxconn Technology Group, the biggest assembler of Apple's iPhones, aims to cut
20 billion yuan ($2.9 billion) from its expenses in 2019 as it faces "a very
difficult and competitive year", according to Bloomberg.

Analysts estimate that Apple cut orders to Foxconn by 20 to 30 percent earlier
this month, mainly due to weak demand for the iPhone XR and XS Max.

Laser sensor maker Lumentum Holdings Inc, which supplies parts for Apple's
latest iPhones, slashed its second-quarter forecast, saying that one of its
biggest customers had requested to cut shipments. The company now expects net
revenue of $335 million to $355 million, compared with its prior range of $405
million to $430 million.

Screen maker Japan Display Inc, another of Apple's suppliers, posted a sixth
straight quarterly operating loss and lowered its full-year outlook on weaker
demand from smartphone makers.

Moreover, AMS, which specializes in sensors, cut its fourth-quarter revenue
outlook by 15 percent and pushed back its medium-term targets, blaming recent
changes in demand from a major customer.

In September, Apple unveiled its new iPhone XS, iPhone XS Max and iPhone XR at
its headquarters in Cupertino, California. However, media reports said that
Apple slashed production orders for all three of the iPhone models.

Goldman Sachs trimmed its price target for Apple on Tuesday, saying that the
price and features in the new iPhone XR may not have been well-received by users
outside the United States. Rosenblatt Securities research showed the iPhone XR
sell-through rate remains weaker than it initially expected.

"Both foreign and domestic suppliers of Apple are facing huge pressure as sales
of the iPhone XR are lower than expected. Some suppliers have tapped into new
sectors, such as smart speakers and central control systems for self-driving
vehicles, which also have a demand for storage, chips and screens," said Jia Mo,
a research analyst with technology consultancy Canalys.

Jia added that the suppliers could cut their dependence on Apple and cooperate
with some domestic smartphone brands to mitigate risks.

Apple is losing out to its smartphone rivals. It recently fell to third place in
the global smartphone market.

According to IDC, a global market consultancy focusing on technology, Huawei
Technologies Co Ltd shipped 52 million smartphones worldwide in the third
quarter of 2018, expanding its market share to 14.6 percent, while Apple took
13.2 percent of the smartphone market globally and Samsung continued to top the
leader board.

Lens Technology Co Ltd, which supplies glass covers to Apple, reported its net
profit reached 606 million yuan in the third quarter of this year, an increase
of 4.19 percent. However, the company admitted the low yield rate of the
products manufactured for its client Apple had affected its profitability.

Wang Yanhui, secretary-general of the Mobile China Alliance, said domestic
suppliers might be heavily affected due to the sluggish sales of Apple's iPhone,
adding that Apple may bargain with suppliers to ensure its profit margins.

fanfeifei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 11/23/2018 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/13/154293405797.jpg

a41f726b05111d61838919.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/22/154293405812.jpg

a41f726b05111d61838d1a.jpg


                             529 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            November 23, 2018 Friday

HEADLINE: Big data proves boon in Guiyang

BYLINE: Erik Nilsson in Guiyang

BODY:

Topographically treacherous Guiyang has used innovation to transform its
geological disadvantages into advantages, especially during the most recent
stage of reform and opening-up.

Emerging technologies help city make the most of its tough terrain

Topographically treacherous Guiyang has used innovation to transform its
geological disadvantages into advantages, especially during the most recent
stage of reform and opening-up.

Its mountains have proved to be development hurdles, sometimes literally, in
areas such as transportation infrastructure.

Yet that very geology is now proving to be a boon rather than a bane for the
development of Guiyang and surrounding areas in Guizhou province. That is
because it is seismically stable, and its altitudes produce relatively steady,
cool temperatures year-round, which makes it ideal for big data infrastructure.

Guizhou's data economy grew by 37 percent last year, and its value addition is
expected to account for 30 percent of the province's GDP by 2020.

Guiyang has ranked No 1 among provincial capitals in GDP growth for the past
five years. Its GDP reached 353.8 billion yuan ($50.9 billion) last year, about
79 times the 1978 figure based on comparable prices, with annual growth
averaging 12.3 percent over the past four decades.

The city's big data is transforming sectors such as agriculture, healthcare and
transport cargo across the province, country and world.

Truck driver Gao Dabao said big data collection in Guiyang has changed his life
through a single app - Huochebang. He used to find work by driving around
shipping centers throughout the country, looking at lists hung on lobby walls to
see what goods were being sent when and where, and for what price.

"It was inconvenient and tiring," Gao said. "Now, I just search Huochebang to
find cargo to drive. It's easy."

Based in Guiyang, Huochebang is the country's largest shipment information
internet platform. It links 5.2 million trucks with 1.25 million users -
businesses and individuals - who want cargo transported.

"Our main target is to solve problems in the informatization of truck and cargo
matching," said Zhao Qiang, vice-president of Huochebang. "This can lower
logistics costs, which benefits all of society.

"We've grown rapidly since we arrived in Guizhou in 2014, when big data was
booming. Big data helps us understand more about such areas as trucks and human
behaviors. So it empowers the industry."

Big data also enables the establishment of credit systems and conflict
mediation, he said, adding: "There were often disagreements due to a lack of
credibility. Drivers are graded according to big data. That can extend to
loans."

In the past four years, Huochebang has grown from a small acorn into a unicorn,
a startup valued at $1 billion.

"The market for truck drivers is huge - so huge that it'll be worth more than 1
trillion yuan in the near future," Luo Peng, vice-president of Manbang Group,
which owns Huochebang, said in June.

"The domestic logistics supply is very fragmented. China now has around 1.5
million logistics companies and tens of millions of truckers. As an industrial
internet platform, we need to ramp up resources to better serve the drivers via
emerging technologies such as big data and artificial intelligence."

Guiyang ranks in the top 10 Chinese cities for computing power, according to the
2018 China AI Computing Power Development Report released at the 2018 AI
Computing Conference in Beijing in September.

Industry investment has increased tenfold in the past year, while the computing
power of artificial intelligence has grown by 230 percent and the amount of data
has expanded by 50 percent.

Big tech giants such as Apple, Qualcomm, Huawei, Tencent, Alibaba and Foxconn
have regional headquarters in the city as well as cloud-computing and big data
centers.

Per capita disposable income in Guiyang's urban area was 32,186 yuan last year,
up by 11.9 times in real terms compared with that of 1980, with annual growth
averaging about 7.2 percent.

The figure for rural areas was 14,264 yuan, 12.2 times more than in 1980 in real
terms, with an annual average growth of about 7.2 percent.

Looking ahead, Guiyang seems poised to expand the data industries that transform
its geology from a stumbling block into a launchpad in the next stages of the
reform and opening-up in the new era.

Yang Jun, Wang Ru, Li Hanyi and Che Weiwei contributed to this story.

erik_nilsson@chinadaily.com.cn

Tourists experience virtual reality technology at Oriental Science Fiction
Valley, a science fiction theme park in Guiyang, Guizhou province.Yang Jun /
China Daily

(China Daily 11/23/2018 page7)


                             530 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 22, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Nvidia bets big on self-driving, big data

BYLINE: Ma Si in Suzhou, Jiangsu

BODY:

US chip giant Nvidia Corp announced new partnerships with Chinese companies such
as JD Inc and Meituan Dianping on Wednesday as part of its broader effort to tap
into opportunities created by self-driving and the big data industry in the
nation.

Jensen Huang, founder and CEO of Nvidia, said it is partnering with Chinese
e-commerce giant JD and Meituan Dianping, the country's largest on-demand
service platform, to develop unmanned delivery vehicles, based on its Jetson AGX
Xavier chip series.

Huang said there is a huge potential for the application of artificial
intelligence in China. The nation currently sees 8 billion visits to the doctor
in its healthcare market, 3.22 trillion kilometers driven in transportation and
$8 billion spent at the box office every year.

All these areas generate a huge amount of data and can be made more efficient
and productive with the help of AI, Huang said.

Nvidia is the leading supplier of graphics processors, or chips that help enable
high-definition images on computer games. As artificial intelligence requires
greater computing power, the US company is leveraging the advantages of graphics
chips to power data centers and help accelerate nascent technologies from voice
and image recognition to self-driving cars.

"But we are not just about hardware. The company is working on full-stack
optimization, which also involves software, systems and algorithms," Huang
added.

Currently, the US company is seeing a strong momentum in its business in China,
which now contributes more to its global revenue than its home turf. In its
fiscal year 2018 that ended on Jan 28, Nvidia recorded $9.7 billion in revenue,
with 20 percent of that from China, according to data compiled by the Wall
Street Journal.

Raymond Teh, vice-president of Nvidia, said business growth in China is better
than the global average, especially in data center businesses. Previously,
Chinese clients compared its products with those of its rivals, but now Nvidia
has won their trust.

Its clients include Baidu Inc and Tencent Holdings Ltd, which are deploying its
latest processor HGX-2 in their cloud services. Also, Chinese tech giants
including Huawei Technologies Co Ltd and Lenovo Group Ltd are building computers
with the HGX-2 inside.

Roger Sheng, research director at consultancy Gartner Inc, said a string of
Nvidia's clients, including Alibaba, Huawei and even Google Inc, are working on
AI chips themselves, which is putting a great deal of pressure on the company.

"But Nvidia has been investing in this market longer than anybody else. Such an
edge is sustainable with its continuous input into research and development,"
Sheng said.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

The booth of Nvidia at a digital entertainment products exhibition in Shanghai
on Aug 3. Tian Zhihe / For China Daily

(China Daily 11/22/2018 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/96/154284768890.jpg

00221917e13e1d60340332.jpg


                             531 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 22, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Nvidia bets big on self-driving, big data

BYLINE: Ma Si in Suzhou, Jiangsu

BODY:

US chip giant Nvidia Corp announced new partnerships with Chinese companies such
as JD Inc and Meituan Dianping on Wednesday as part of its broader effort to tap
into opportunities created by self-driving and the big data industry in the
nation.

Jensen Huang, founder and CEO of Nvidia, said it is partnering with Chinese
e-commerce giant JD and Meituan Dianping, the country's largest on-demand
service platform, to develop unmanned delivery vehicles, based on its Jetson AGX
Xavier chip series.

Huang said there is a huge potential for the application of artificial
intelligence in China. The nation currently sees 8 billion visits to the doctor
in its healthcare market, 3.22 trillion kilometers driven in transportation and
$8 billion spent at the box office every year.

All these areas generate a huge amount of data and can be made more efficient
and productive with the help of AI, Huang said.

Nvidia is the leading supplier of graphics processors, or chips that help enable
high-definition images on computer games. As artificial intelligence requires
greater computing power, the US company is leveraging the advantages of graphics
chips to power data centers and help accelerate nascent technologies from voice
and image recognition to self-driving cars.

"But we are not just about hardware. The company is working on full-stack
optimization, which also involves software, systems and algorithms," Huang
added.

Currently, the US company is seeing a strong momentum in its business in China,
which now contributes more to its global revenue than its home turf. In its
fiscal year 2018 that ended on Jan 28, Nvidia recorded $9.7 billion in revenue,
with 20 percent of that from China, according to data compiled by the Wall
Street Journal.

Raymond Teh, vice-president of Nvidia, said business growth in China is better
than the global average, especially in data center businesses. Previously,
Chinese clients compared its products with those of its rivals, but now Nvidia
has won their trust.

Its clients include Baidu Inc and Tencent Holdings Ltd, which are deploying its
latest processor HGX-2 in their cloud services. Also, Chinese tech giants
including Huawei Technologies Co Ltd and Lenovo Group Ltd are building computers
with the HGX-2 inside.

Roger Sheng, research director at consultancy Gartner Inc, said a string of
Nvidia's clients, including Alibaba, Huawei and even Google Inc, are working on
AI chips themselves, which is putting a great deal of pressure on the company.

"But Nvidia has been investing in this market longer than anybody else. Such an
edge is sustainable with its continuous input into research and development,"
Sheng said.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

The booth of Nvidia at a digital entertainment products exhibition in Shanghai
on Aug 3. Tian Zhihe / For China Daily

(China Daily 11/22/2018 page13)


                             532 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                          November 21, 2018 Wednesday

HEADLINE: IT'S A GO AHEAD

BYLINE: Wang Ru

BODY:

"Since following the matches between the winning Google AI program, AlphaGo, and
the world's top human Go player Ke Jie in 2017, I see artificial intelligence as
becoming popular," says Yuan Jiaqi, 24, a postgraduate student of computer
studies at East China's Zhejiang University.

Chinese experts urge the development of artificial intelligence in higher
learning, Wang Ru reports.

"Since following the matches between the winning Google AI program, AlphaGo, and
the world's top human Go player Ke Jie in 2017, I see artificial intelligence as
becoming popular," says Yuan Jiaqi, 24, a postgraduate student of computer
studies at East China's Zhejiang University.

Yuan, with two other fellow students, Hu Sihao and Wu Zetian, participated in
this year's China Collegiate Computing Contest-AI Innovation Contest and won the
top prize. The awards ceremony and an AI-related forum were held in Deqing
county in Zhejiang province on Oct 27, sponsored by Zhejiang University, the AI
innovation experts team affiliated with the Ministry of Education, Baidu Inc and
Huawei Technologies, among others.

A total of 1,049 teams from Chinese and foreign universities joined the contest,
with 33 of them winning prizes. All of the participants were required to develop
their models - designed for use in medical treatment, public security,
environmental protection, agriculture, art, advertisement and finance - based on
a Baidu-developed deep-learning framework named PaddlePaddle.

"AI is quite popular today, and many of the students around me would like to
study it," says Yuan.

Their winning model is a risk-control one, which tries to test and predict in
advance if potential users of a deposit-free mobile phone renting platform are
credible or not. Backed by a large database, the model is said to be able to
analyze the users' personal information and foresee the possibility of them
returning the phones or not after a period of use.

AI is also used in medical science, as was seen in the design by another prize
winner, Yan Yu, a communication engineering major from Southwest Jiaotong
University, who designed an AI-related auxiliary diagnostic platform with his
teammate, Xu Shu.

"Through our model, doctors can see if a patient has hippocampus atrophies and
thus predict the possibility of Alzheimer's disease," Yan says, adding that they
chose to design such a model as their focus of research as the university is
related to medical science. They worked on the model mostly in their free time
since they found out about the contest online.

Another model by Wen Shibo and his teammates, Fan Kun and Zheng Weiqi,
undergraduates from Northeastern University who study computer science, used the
AI-included deep learning algorithm, focusing on recycling takeout tableware,
since young people ordering takeout food on their smartphones is on the rise,
and disposable tableware causes pollution and is also a waste of resources.

In their model, they've made tableware that can preserve heat, and a takeout
pickup machine that resembles a self-service package locker, like Hive Box. On
getting a takeout food order, the courier will put food in the heated container
and in the pickup machine, to be collected by the person who placed the order.
After the meal, the container can be returned to the machine, which is designed
to be put in communities, schools and other places where people can easily find
them.

"The machine's AI related image identification system can automatically check if
the tableware is damaged, and decide whether to receive it back or not," Wen
says, adding that the received tableware will be taken away to be washed and
re-distributed.

"Such tableware can be used multiple times, which is much more environmentally
friendly.

"In the next 20 years, AI will change people's lives, especially in the fields
of transport, medical treatment, education and so on," Wen says.

Pan Yunhe, who is from the Chinese Academy of Engineering and a leader of an
AI-related consultative committee under the Ministry of Education, says the
recent forum enabled discussions on AI education.

"By gathering efforts from experts and enterprises, it promotes the development
of AI and new changes in China's economic growth."

Li Bo, a professor of Beihang University and member of an AI-related panel of
the Ministry of Education, says, "China still lacks high-level AI talent,
especially those people who have worked in this field for over a decade."

Last year, the State Council, China's Cabinet, released a plan to accentuate the
development of AI, which requires having AI as a major subject in higher
institutions, recruiting more postgraduates and doctoral candidates to study
AI-related topics and hold some lessons related to AI in primary and middle
schools.

Some universities have begun to explore more. Xi'an Jiaotong University, for
example, has opened an experimental class for AI. Those who graduate will gain a
bachelor's degree of computer science, automation or electronic information. So
far, 38 higher education institutions in China have applied to the ministry for
AI course accreditation.

But since computer majors can also learn about AI, why it is necessary to
establish a separate AI major?

Li explains the difference.

"Computer majors focus on computer software, hardware and their applications.
Students are supposed to have the ability to use them and improve their ability
to deal with data," he says. "An AI major focuses on the technology and the
methods of perception, cognition and interaction."

He also discussed the curriculum system for AI majors at the recent forum and
encouraged higher institutions to develop AI programs according to their own
characteristics and strengths.

Wu Zhaohui, president of Zhejiang University and member of the Chinese Academy
of Sciences, says AI will promote profound changes in education.

"AI will save teachers from tedious repetitive work like checking students'
homework since such work can be done by AI, so that teachers can focus on
improving their teaching with creative ideas," Wu says.

"It will also make students the center of teaching activities, and thus
personalized learning will be the mainstream in future teaching activities."

AI will help to form a human-machine learning system, which will enable people
to learn at any time, Wu says.

"We would like to cooperate with higher institutions and contribute to the
cultivation of AI talent," says Wang Haifeng, Baidu's senior vicepresident.

"I hope more people will pay attention to AI and promote AI talent, so that we
can make a better life through its development," he adds.

Contact the writer at wangru1@chinadaily.com.cn

Zhejiang University students Yuan Jiaqi (second from left), Hu Sihao (third from
left) and Wu Zetian (second from right) receive the grand prize during the
awards ceremony of China Collegiate Computing Contest-AI Innovation Contest.
Provided to China Daily

(China Daily 11/21/2018 page20)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/67/154276128663.jpg

a41f726b05111d5ee0031c.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/17/154276128682.jpg

a41f726b05111d5ee0081d.jpg


                             533 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                          November 21, 2018 Wednesday

HEADLINE: IT'S A GO AHEAD

BYLINE: Wang Ru

BODY:

"Since following the matches between the winning Google AI program, AlphaGo, and
the world's top human Go player Ke Jie in 2017, I see artificial intelligence as
becoming popular," says Yuan Jiaqi, 24, a postgraduate student of computer
studies at East China's Zhejiang University.

Chinese experts urge the development of artificial intelligence in higher
learning, Wang Ru reports.

"Since following the matches between the winning Google AI program, AlphaGo, and
the world's top human Go player Ke Jie in 2017, I see artificial intelligence as
becoming popular," says Yuan Jiaqi, 24, a postgraduate student of computer
studies at East China's Zhejiang University.

Yuan, with two other fellow students, Hu Sihao and Wu Zetian, participated in
this year's China Collegiate Computing Contest-AI Innovation Contest and won the
top prize. The awards ceremony and an AI-related forum were held in Deqing
county in Zhejiang province on Oct 27, sponsored by Zhejiang University, the AI
innovation experts team affiliated with the Ministry of Education, Baidu Inc and
Huawei Technologies, among others.

A total of 1,049 teams from Chinese and foreign universities joined the contest,
with 33 of them winning prizes. All of the participants were required to develop
their models - designed for use in medical treatment, public security,
environmental protection, agriculture, art, advertisement and finance - based on
a Baidu-developed deep-learning framework named PaddlePaddle.

"AI is quite popular today, and many of the students around me would like to
study it," says Yuan.

Their winning model is a risk-control one, which tries to test and predict in
advance if potential users of a deposit-free mobile phone renting platform are
credible or not. Backed by a large database, the model is said to be able to
analyze the users' personal information and foresee the possibility of them
returning the phones or not after a period of use.

AI is also used in medical science, as was seen in the design by another prize
winner, Yan Yu, a communication engineering major from Southwest Jiaotong
University, who designed an AI-related auxiliary diagnostic platform with his
teammate, Xu Shu.

"Through our model, doctors can see if a patient has hippocampus atrophies and
thus predict the possibility of Alzheimer's disease," Yan says, adding that they
chose to design such a model as their focus of research as the university is
related to medical science. They worked on the model mostly in their free time
since they found out about the contest online.

Another model by Wen Shibo and his teammates, Fan Kun and Zheng Weiqi,
undergraduates from Northeastern University who study computer science, used the
AI-included deep learning algorithm, focusing on recycling takeout tableware,
since young people ordering takeout food on their smartphones is on the rise,
and disposable tableware causes pollution and is also a waste of resources.

In their model, they've made tableware that can preserve heat, and a takeout
pickup machine that resembles a self-service package locker, like Hive Box. On
getting a takeout food order, the courier will put food in the heated container
and in the pickup machine, to be collected by the person who placed the order.
After the meal, the container can be returned to the machine, which is designed
to be put in communities, schools and other places where people can easily find
them.

"The machine's AI related image identification system can automatically check if
the tableware is damaged, and decide whether to receive it back or not," Wen
says, adding that the received tableware will be taken away to be washed and
re-distributed.

"Such tableware can be used multiple times, which is much more environmentally
friendly.

"In the next 20 years, AI will change people's lives, especially in the fields
of transport, medical treatment, education and so on," Wen says.

Pan Yunhe, who is from the Chinese Academy of Engineering and a leader of an
AI-related consultative committee under the Ministry of Education, says the
recent forum enabled discussions on AI education.

"By gathering efforts from experts and enterprises, it promotes the development
of AI and new changes in China's economic growth."

Li Bo, a professor of Beihang University and member of an AI-related panel of
the Ministry of Education, says, "China still lacks high-level AI talent,
especially those people who have worked in this field for over a decade."

Last year, the State Council, China's Cabinet, released a plan to accentuate the
development of AI, which requires having AI as a major subject in higher
institutions, recruiting more postgraduates and doctoral candidates to study
AI-related topics and hold some lessons related to AI in primary and middle
schools.

Some universities have begun to explore more. Xi'an Jiaotong University, for
example, has opened an experimental class for AI. Those who graduate will gain a
bachelor's degree of computer science, automation or electronic information. So
far, 38 higher education institutions in China have applied to the ministry for
AI course accreditation.

But since computer majors can also learn about AI, why it is necessary to
establish a separate AI major?

Li explains the difference.

"Computer majors focus on computer software, hardware and their applications.
Students are supposed to have the ability to use them and improve their ability
to deal with data," he says. "An AI major focuses on the technology and the
methods of perception, cognition and interaction."

He also discussed the curriculum system for AI majors at the recent forum and
encouraged higher institutions to develop AI programs according to their own
characteristics and strengths.

Wu Zhaohui, president of Zhejiang University and member of the Chinese Academy
of Sciences, says AI will promote profound changes in education.

"AI will save teachers from tedious repetitive work like checking students'
homework since such work can be done by AI, so that teachers can focus on
improving their teaching with creative ideas," Wu says.

"It will also make students the center of teaching activities, and thus
personalized learning will be the mainstream in future teaching activities."

AI will help to form a human-machine learning system, which will enable people
to learn at any time, Wu says.

"We would like to cooperate with higher institutions and contribute to the
cultivation of AI talent," says Wang Haifeng, Baidu's senior vicepresident.

"I hope more people will pay attention to AI and promote AI talent, so that we
can make a better life through its development," he adds.

Contact the writer at wangru1@chinadaily.com.cn

Zhejiang University students Yuan Jiaqi (second from left), Hu Sihao (third from
left) and Wu Zetian (second from right) receive the grand prize during the
awards ceremony of China Collegiate Computing Contest-AI Innovation Contest.
Provided to China Daily

(China Daily 11/21/2018 page20)


                             534 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 20, 2018 Tuesday

HEADLINE: BYD harnesses reform energy for global rewards

BYLINE: Chai Hua in Shenzhen, Guangdong

BODY:

Chinese electric carmaker BYD Co Ltd's resounding success in the international
arena is perhaps one of the best examples of the nation's reform and opening-up
in the last 40 years.

The Shenzhen-based company has been the global leader in new energy vehicle
sales for the past three years and has maintained that record during the first
six months of this year also.

In the 23 years since its launch in 1995, BYD has transformed from a battery
maker with just 20 employees into a global company with 220,000 employees,
having over 30 industrial parks in six continents.

"Without reform and opening-up, there would be no BYD," said Wang Chuanfu, the
founder, chairman and president of BYD.

"The reforms have helped usher in a market-oriented economy," he said.

According to Wang, the dream of a market-oriented economy was what led him to
set up BYD 23 years ago. In early 1990s, demand for the rechargeable batteries
was surging, led by the growing popularity of mobile phones. But at that time
there were no major battery producers with independent intellectual property
rights for the technology in China.

Undeterred, Wang decided to start off as a battery supplier for leading mobile
phone producers and gradually won trust from international brands like Nokia and
Motorola.

He recalled that though orders nearly doubled every year, BYD did not have much
collateral to take out a loan for factory expansion. It was the local government
that stepped in to rescue Wang at that time with a timely guarantee that enabled
BYD to secure funding.

In less than a decade, the company has become one of the largest battery
suppliers in the world.

"All kinds of professionals and organizations can compete in an impartial
environment, thanks to China's reform and opening-up policies. It has given us
the inspiration to innovate and unlock the full market potential," he added.

The company attaches great importance to technology and innovation, as reflected
in the headcount of 20,000 employees performing such operations. It has filed
22,000 patent application globally, 14,000 of which were approved by the end of
2017.

Like many other emerging private firms at that time in Shenzhen such as Huawei,
the battery maker decided to change tack from being an original equipment maker
to one that has its own brand, albeit in another emerging industry.

In 2003, it entered the automobile industry with the acquisition of Xi'an
Tsinchuan Auto Co Ltd and surprised the market with the world's first plug-in
hybrid automobile in 2008. Since then, the Chinese e-vehicle brand has gained
recognition in the global arena.

One of the biggest changes in the last 40 years of the development of the
automobile industry in China is the growth of domestic brands, said Wang.

When asked about the experience of going global as a private company in China,
he said the key is to rely on innovation, rather than on low prices, to tap the
international market.

"The differentiation of products propels us to expand," he added. Citing the UK
market as an example, Wang said BYD realized it was impossible to compete with
British companies and decided to offer electric vehicles. "We are not competing
with them but looking to complement," he said.

In 2015, BYD presented the world's first electronic and zero-emission
double-decker bus in London and so far its e-buses account for 80 percent of the
London market, 50 percent in the United Kingdom and 80 percent in the United
States.

After having successfully entered the European and US markets, the carmaker is
now looking to further expand its global presence. Nearly 35,000 electric buses
have been delivered to its global partners and the company has maintained its
international sales volume in electric buses from 2014 to 2017.

Besides electric buses, BYD has innovated into other new energy products like
electric trucks and electric forklifts, contributing to environmental
protection. Furthermore, it also participated in exporting industry standards to
the countries including Philippines and Morocco.

However, the product innovation did not stop there. It announced in September to
be the first in the industry to open up all sensors and controls for its
vehicles so that international app developers have access to these data and can
jointly form an online driving ecosystem, like the operating system of a mobile
phone.

Meanwhile, it has continued its internal reforms by allowing some of the
departments to purchase components outside the company and to supply for other
brands.

"Of course, the reform has brought extra pressure, but pressure is a good thing,
which inspires innovation and stimulates vitality," Wang said.

grace@chinadailyhk.com

Employees work on a BYD assembly line in Shenzhen, Guangdong province. Reuters

(China Daily 11/20/2018 page14)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/58/154267491351.jpg

a41f726b05111d5d99d303.jpg


                             535 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            November 19, 2018 Monday

HEADLINE: PNG looks to ease regulations to grow tourism

BYLINE: Yang Feiyue

BODY:

Papua New Guinea is planning to roll out special tourism programs to draw
Chinese travelers.

So far, Chinese travelers have been able to get a special visa on arrival, while
direct flights and tax-free experiences will be made available in the future,
says Jerry Agus, head of the country's tourism promotion authority.

The goal is to welcome more Chinese travelers to discover the country's tropical
features, Agus says.

The largest island country in South Pacific, Papua New Guinea boasts some
stunning natural landscapes featuring volcanos, waterfalls and rivers, as well
as exotic cultural experiences provided by around 800 tribes.

A series of cultural exchange activities were recently held in Port Moresby
between China and Papua New Guinea ahead of the Asia-Pacific Economic
Cooperation leaders' meeting.

One was the production of a documentary Glamorous PNG, produced by China Central
Television, that was aired on Friday and Saturday. The documentary gives
glimpses of not only the natural scenery, history and culture of the country,
but also of modern life in Papua New Guinea.

Agus says the show, alongside the APEC summit would give local tourism a shot in
the arm.

At the moment, the country remains an off-the-beaten-track destination for
Chinese travelers, due to its visa application process and a lack of
understanding of the country's tourism resources.

Agus says Chinese travelers' visas would be dealt with in one week or less, and
visa on arrival would be granted for Chinese group travelers who book their
trips via PNG-accredited travel agencies.

"It will be great news for Chinese travelers," Agus tells China Radio
International.

Once Chinese travelers file a visa application, immigration and exit-entry
agencies will begin processing it immediately, he explains. Tourism promotions
will also be held to introduce to Chinese travelers what PNG has to offer.

International traveler visits to PNG grew 166 percent during the 2005-2015
period, according to a report of the Asian Development Bank.

The bank has highlighted the tourism potential of the country's Mount Wilhelm
and Baiyer River regions.

PNG is ideal for experiences such as rafting, hiking, sightseeing and
birdwatching, Agus says, adding that many cultural festivals and exhibitions are
held in the country every year.

Liu Ziqiao had a great time swimming with the dolphins, visiting World War II
sites and observing volcanos at close quarters in Rabaul.

He works for Huawei in PNG's capital, Port Moresby, and takes every opportunity
to travel the country in his spare time.

"The country is abundant in natural resources and has a very nice climate," Liu
says.

He and his colleagues would have to return to the mainland, via Hong Kong, but
things will be easier soon.

"I heard the direct flight connecting Port Moresby and Shanghai will be running
next year, which would make my future visits easier," he says.

yangfeiyue@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 11/19/2018 page20)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/81/154258851158.jpg

a41f726719b21d5c419235.jpg


                             536 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            November 16, 2018 Friday

HEADLINE: Huawei sets up African cloud server

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Huawei Technologies Co Ltd will officially start operating cloud services in
South Africa in December, as the Chinese mainland company expands its presence
in the global cloud arena.

Telecom giant plans more data centers across continent to expand footprint

Huawei Technologies Co Ltd will officially start operating cloud services in
South Africa in December, as the Chinese mainland company expands its presence
in the global cloud arena.

The move comes as rivals, including Amazon.com Inc and Microsoft Corp, are all
looking to tap into the growing demand for cloud services among African
countries.

According to Huawei, it is deploying a regional data center in Johannesburg,
from which its cloud services can cover neighboring countries and regions. More
data centers are also in the pipeline to extend its reach across the continent.

Li Peng, president of Huawei Southern Africa Region, said Huawei has been
operating in Africa for 20 years, enriching African people's lives with its
information and communication technology solutions and services.

"We have in-depth understanding of the African market and are capable of better
meeting customers' current and potential needs. South Africa is one of the most
diverse and promising emerging markets globally with tremendous potential. With
cloud services, we are aiming to unleash the latent capacity by introducing
cloud computing, one of the key engines driving the growth in this era," Li
said.

Robert Nkuna, director-general of the National Department of Telecommunications
and Postal Services of South Africa, said: "Huawei has been a great technology
partner to our country and they have regularly brought cutting-edge technologies
to our shores ... We'll engage Huawei to transfer cloud technology skills to SA
and the continent."

At AfricaCom 2018, a local telecom industry event, Huawei released its Africa
Partnership Program with local channel partners, including Altron, ATOS, BCX,
Datacentrix, T-systems and XON.

The move is part of Huawei's broader efforts to take its cloud services onto the
global stage. Its services are already available in a string of countries and
regions, including Thailand, Russia and Hong Kong.

As for Europe, Huawei is partnering with local telecom carriers such as
Telefonica SA and Orange SA, building up their public cloud capability with the
help of Huawei technology.

The global public cloud market will surge to $206.2 billion in 2019, rising 17
percent year-on-year from the expected $175.8 billion in 2018, market research
company Gartner Inc forecast, adding the African cloud market is gaining
momentum.

Gartner research director Kevin Ji, said cloud computing is essentially about
economies of scale for service providers. Expanding their coverage lowers
average costs and pushes forward global infrastructure delivery.

Amazon Web Services announced earlier this year that it will open its first data
center in Africa in the first half of 2020.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 11/16/2018 page17)


                             537 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 15, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Domestic IT giants take cloud skills global

BYLINE: Ma Si and He Wei

BODY:

The Chinese mainland's cloud computing service providers are expanding their
overseas footprints, driven by the desire to better serve their customers'
globalization strategies and to extend their own digital "territories".

Flexible networks offer high speeds, lower costs for startups looking to scale
up fast

The Chinese mainland's cloud computing service providers are expanding their
overseas footprints, driven by the desire to better serve their customers'
globalization strategies and to extend their own digital "territories".

Huawei Technologies Co Ltd, China's largest telecom equipment maker and the
world's second-largest smartphone maker by shipments, is offering cloud services
in Asian and African countries alongside its growing local smartphone presence.

"We are now available in a string of countries and regions including Thailand,
Russia and Hong Kong. We will also soon deploy new services in South Africa and
other places in accordance with our own strategies, as well as local political
and economic environments," said Zheng Yelai, president of Huawei Cloud.

As for Europe and the Americas, Huawei is partnering with local telecom carriers
such as Telefonica and Orange SA, building up their public cloud capability with
the help of Huawei technology.

"We are leveraging our years of partnership with foreign telecom carriers to
better localize our cloud services," Zheng said.

The services all run on a unified platform to ensure a smooth user experience,
whether they are operated by Huawei or its overseas partners, according to
Zheng. The only exception is its partnership with Deutsche Telekom, which runs
its services independently, despite using Huawei software and hardware.

Huawei is a global player, with its products and services already available in
more than 170 countries and regions, and its expansive global layout will fuel
the cloud service's expansion, Zheng said.

There are no physical boundaries for cloud services, he said. "For instance,
many cloud clients of our services in Hong Kong are from Malaysia, Myanmar and
the Philippines."

Huawei's intensified push into overseas cloud service markets comes as its
Chinese rivals, including Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and Tencent Holdings Ltd,
are emerging as new forces to take on foreign contenders such as Amazon.com Inc
and Microsoft Corp.

The global public cloud market will surge to $206.2 billion in 2019, rising 17
percent year-on-year from the expected $175.8 billion in 2018, market research
company Gartner Inc forecast.

Charlie Dai, principal analyst at consultancy Forrester, said there are two key
drivers behind Chinese cloud service providers' bid to tap into global markets -
to better serve their Chinese customers' globalization strategies and to extend
their own digital territories.

"They could replicate their Chinese market successes in global regions, just as
Amazon Web Services and Microsoft are doing in China," he said.

Building scale

According to Gartner research director Kevin Ji, cloud computing is essentially
about economies of scale for service providers. Expanding their coverage lowers
average costs and pushes forward global infrastructure delivery, he said.

"Only Alibaba Cloud, Tencent Cloud and Huawei Cloud have straightforward
globalization strategies, each with a distinctive approach," Ji said.

Tencent's cloud computing arm announced in March it will open four new data
centers to expand its international cloud computing presence. The new centers
offer a range of solutions, including storage, cloud security, big data and
artificial intelligence.

Together, they lay the foundation for an integrated cloud service with high
speeds and reliable network connectivity for international companies looking to
scale efficiently, the company said.

"Globalization is an important part of Tencent Cloud's strategy," said Qiu
Yuepeng, vice-president of Tencent and president of Tencent Cloud.

"By offering our advanced cloud computing infrastructure across the globe, we
can not only share Tencent Cloud's technology and expand our portfolio of
industry solutions, but also lower costs and increase efficiency across a
variety of industries."

Data centers, or supporting data nodes, are essential to enabling Chinese
companies' global expansion strategies, which have already become a major
driving force in the global economy, Dai said.

"Choosing the same vendor will help simplify the architecture and management
complexity, and ensure consistent user experience."

According to Tencent, its new data center in Hong Kong serves as Tencent Cloud's
second financial sector-focused facility in the city. Two new data centers in
the United States - in Silicon Valley and Virginia - ensure coverage across the
country's east and west coasts.

The fourth new data center, in Mumbai, India, will serve as a core hub for
Tencent Cloud in South Asia, boosting its total number of available cloud
computing zones to 42.

Alibaba's cloud computing unit launched its first data center in Indonesia in
March, aiming to address the growing demand for reliable and scalable cloud
services among the country's small and medium-sized enterprises.

The data center underscores the company's commitment to support an Indonesian
government-backed initiative to create 1,000 viable startups worth a combined
$10 billion by 2020, according to Alibaba Cloud.

Geographical proximity and close ties between the two nations provide the
company a particular advantage, said Alex Li, general manager of Asia-Pacific at
Alibaba Cloud.

"We are uniquely positioned with cultural and contextual advantages to provide
innovative data-intelligence solutions and computing capabilities to customers
across this region," Li said.

Alibaba Cloud has so far expanded across 18 countries and regions. One of its
latest pushes saw the company's cloud services extend to Turkey in April through
a partnership with e-Glober, an Istanbul-based business-to-business services
provider.

According to Ji at Gartner, Alibaba is banking on Asia and the Middle East to
better tap into the Belt and Road Initiative, whereas Tencent is more closely
following the steps of its clients, be it bike-sharing business Mobike, online
brokerage platform Futu Securities, or mobile gaming company Supercell.

International Data Corp estimated global spending on public cloud services will
hit $180 billion in 2018, surging 23.7 percent year-on-year, as companies from a
wide range of sectors scramble to embrace cloud services.

The top spenders will be in the manufacturing, banking, professional services
and retailing sectors in 2018, and the four industries are likely to maintain
their high rankings over the next five years, IDC said.

Contact the writers at masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 11/15/2018 page15)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/29/154225007913.jpg

a41f726b05111d570c4a1a.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/40/154225007972.jpg

a41f726b05111d570c4719.jpg


                             538 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 15, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: What's news

BODY:

Joint tax efforts to boost investment

A senior Chinese taxation official on Tuesday called for stronger cooperation
among taxation authorities of the Asia and Oceania regions in an effort to
smooth trade and investment in the face of increasing challenges. "We should
jointly improve modern taxation policies and collection systems ...and support
each other in promoting economic stability and sustainable development in the
Asia-Pacific region," Wang Jun, director of the State Administration of
Taxation, said at the annual meeting of the Study Group on Asian Tax
Administration and Research that opened on Tuesday in Hangzhou, Zhejiang
province.

Huawei cloud spreads to S. Africa

Huawei Technologies Co Ltd announced on Wednesday that it will officially start
operating cloud services in South Africa in December, making it the first
company in the world to offer public cloud services via local data centers in
Africa. The company said it is deploying regional data center in Johannesburg,
South Africa, based on which its cloud services can cover neighboring countries
and regions. More data centers are also in the pipeline to extend its reach in
the continent.

UnionPay to enter Ukrainian market

UnionPay International, a subsidiary of China UnionPay, will enter the Ukrainian
market, the Ukranian central bank said in a statement on Tuesday. The National
Bank of Ukraine has already defined the conditions and procedures for UPI
activities in Ukraine, the statement said. According to the NBU, at the first
stage, UPI will provide Ukrainian customers with such services as acquiring,
cash withdrawals and payment for commodities and services using bank cards.

US budget deficit expands in October

The US federal government recorded a budget deficit of $100.5 billion in
October, the first month of the government's fiscal year 2019, the Treasury
Department said on Tuesday. That's a 59 percent growth from the $63 billion
recorded in October last year. Total outlays were up by 18.3 percent from a year
ago, while total revenues increased by 7.3 percent. The top three outlays in
October this year are $84 billion on social security, $69 billion on defense,
and $53 billion on Medicare. The report showed that interest payments on the
public debt in October totaled $32 billion, up 30 percent year-on-year,
constituting one of the biggest increases in spending from a year ago.

Vietnam rubber exports shrink

Vietnam exported over 1.2 million metric tons of rubber worth nearly $1.7
billion between January and October, up 13.4 percent in volume but down 7.6
percent year-on-year in value. China remained Vietnam's biggest rubber export
market in the 10-month period, followed by India and Malaysia, the Vietnam
Rubber Association said on Monday. Meanwhile, Vietnam imported 501,000 tons of
rubber worth $917 million, up 12 percent and 2 percent, respectively.

Meat exporters eye sales lift in China

Brazil's meat exporters are looking to convince China of their rigorous sanitary
standards in a bid to boost sales, a Brazilian export industry leader said on
Tuesday. "China is a great partner whose expectations we want to meet," said
Liege Nogueira, executive director of the Brazilian Association of Meat
Exporting Industries, during the 2018 Brazil Agribusiness Summit. Nogueira made
the remarks ahead of a planned Nov 18 visit by Chinese officials to six
cold-storage plants, which will "undergo the most rigorous inspection in the
world."

China Daily - Agencies

(China Daily 11/15/2018 page14)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/52/154225008274.jpg

a41f726b05111d570ba714.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/60/154225008291.jpg

a41f726b05111d570bab15.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/44/154225008328.jpg

a41f726b05111d570bb216.jpg


                             539 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                          November 14, 2018 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Private companies have the advantage in digital economy

BYLINE: Wu Xiaobo

BODY:

Editor's note: China's decision-makers should realize the potential of private
enterprises, comments Wu Xiaobo, a columnist, in a post. Excerpts:

The 40 years of reform and opening-up are the history of the private economy in
modern China. In 1981, the official discourse termed the market economy as
subsidiary to the planned economy. In 1988, the private economy was recognized
as "accounting for half the national economy", and the term "entrepreneur"
appeared in the official discourse for the first time. In 1992, China set the
goal of establishing a "socialist market economy" for the first time.

Two decades ago, the State-owned enterprises controlled the industrial
foundations of the national economy, including electricity, energy,
telecommunications and transport. But nowadays, private enterprises dominate the
new pillars of the economy - e-commerce, mobile payments, real estate and
logistics.

This is not the result of institutional reform but technological innovation.

In the information era, the power to influence the market is no longer in the
hands of those distributing resources, but with consumers, and to respond to
consumers entails innovating and applying advanced internet technology, which
the SOEs are less capable of doing. It is private enterprises that are upstream
in the information economy, and they are no longer always supplementary to the
SOEs as before.

It is ridiculous therefore for some to claim that the private economy has
fulfilled its historical mission.

Private enterprises' role, with the expansion and development of the emerging
industries, will only grow. It is difficult for the SOEs to compete with them in
big data, artificial intelligence, biotechnology, new materials and new energy,
as none of the SOEs has such comprehensive technological advantages as Alibaba,
Tencent or Huawei.

The ongoing technology revolution has therefore created a new arena in which the
SOEs cannot compete with private companies. Bearing this bigger picture in mind,
decisionmakers should recalibrate their supportive policies to private companies
based on an accurate understating of their roles and potential.

(China Daily 11/14/2018 page8)


                             540 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                          November 14, 2018 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Children's book introduces Dubai

BYLINE: Yang Feiyue

BODY:

A hand-drawn children's book chronicling Dubai's history was launched in Beijing
in late October.

A collaboration between Dubai Tourism and the Chinese company Guomai Culture
Media, the book, History of the Miracle City Dubai, depicts Dubai's historical
development and its landmark buildings and attractions.

It also features interesting stories and connects the ancient Arab civilization
with modern urban development in a vivid way for children.

"People consider Dubai a symbol of fantasy and luxury and believe it has good
fortune for discovering oil," says Zhang Ting, the book's author.

"When we explored Dubai's geology, history, culture and economic development, we
were moved by how it overcame difficulties and crises, as well as its vitality,"
Zhang adds.

It took Zhang three years to finish the book, which also aims to showcase Dubai
as a world-class international city and encourage more tourists to visit.

"We are very honored to be able to have the opportunity to be a part of such a
unique project, and the book does an excellent job of depicting Dubai's history
along with how far the city has come in such a short time," says Hoor Alkhaja,
deputy director of Asia Pacific at Dubai Tourism.

It's the first official book that Dubai Tourism has endorsed.

"When Zhang approached us about the book she was writing, we were impressed
about her passion for Dubai," Alkhaja says.

"China is a very important market for us at Dubai Tourism. We are always looking
to invest and enhance our destination offerings, especially for our Chinese
guests."

In 2017, China was the fifth-largest source market for Dubai's tourism industry,
with the emirate welcoming 764,000 visitors, an increase of 41 percent over
2016.

The destination has continued to see an increase in the number of Chinese
travelers, the fourth highest contributor of tourists to Dubai so far this year,
according to Dubai Tourism.

Dubai has adopted a set of "China ready" initiatives to welcome Chinese
travelers.

In addition to the easing of visa-on-arrival norms for Chinese travelers in
2016, Mandarin-speaking tour guides and payment schemes, including UnionPay,
Alipay and WeChat Pay, are increasing.

Chinese festivals have also been highlighted to welcome Chinese travelers, such
as the Lunar New Year celebrations.

In addition, Dubai Tourism is working on upgrading the current Dubai City
Experience WeChat mini program to enable an artificial-intelligence
customer-service function.

"We will continue to partner with top Chinese brands such as Tencent, Fliggy and
Huawei to promote Dubai as a top destination, and invest in unique campaigns to
enhance our offerings and welcome Chinese guests to the city," Alkhaja says.

Dubai possesses a large number of attractions suitable for families and
children. In addition to the world's tallest building, the Burj Khalifa, the
world's first "seven-star" hotel, the iconic Burj Al Arab, and the Atlantis
Hotel resort with its water parks and aquatic attractions, another popular
location is the Dubai Aquarium and Underwater Zoo.

Located in the sprawling Dubai Mall, the Dubai Aquarium and Underwater Zoo is
the largest aquarium and indoor underwater zoo in the world.

The IMG Worlds of Adventure also allows children to play and experience exciting
adventures.

"This book project is really unique because it allows Chinese travelers to
experience Dubai, even before their visit. So again, for us, partnering on this
book was a natural fit and we look forward to being able to welcome these
children and families to Dubai," Alkhaja says.

yangfeiyue@chinadaily.com.cn

Dubai has adopted a set of initiatives to attract Chinese travelers to visit and
savor its tourist sites, including the signature Palm Islands. Photos provided
to China Daily

(China Daily 11/14/2018 page19)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/62/154215649536.jpg

a41f726b05111d55a85322.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/76/154215649573.jpg

a41f726b05111d55a85923.jpg


                             541 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 13, 2018 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Australia must take steps to reset ties

BODY:

Editor's note: Australia has been sending mixed signals to China. While the
Australian foreign minister's visit to China from Wednesday to Friday was
expected to reset bilateral ties, Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison
recently said that Canberra will provide loans and grants worth AU$2 billion
($1.45 billion) for Pacific island countries for infrastructure, export and
security financing, which is widely seen as an attempt to offset China's
influence in the region. Two experts share their views on the direction
Sino-Australian ties should take with China Daily's Pan Yixuan. Excerpts follow:

Australia sends mixed signals

Han Feng, a researcher at the National Institute of International Strategy,
Chinese Academy of Social Sciences

Australia's vigilance against China, purportedly to safeguard its national
security, increased with China's rapid economic development. But Australia is
not the only country to set up barriers against Chinese telecom companies due to
ideological differences.

Yet by banning Huawei and ZTE from its 5G market, Australia has lost a chance to
establish win-win cooperation with China in the advanced telecom field.

Despite their differences and disagreements over security, China and Australia
have had close trade cooperation. More than 200 brands of Australian products
were displayed at the first China International Import Expo in Shanghai last
week.

Still, there are concerns that the China-US trade conflict might prompt
Australia to side with its long-time ally the United States, which would further
weaken Sino-Australian ties. However, even a superpower cannot formulate
policies for an independent country.

And even if it feels more confident due to its alliance with Washington,
Canberra may stick to its own policies - different from those of the US. For
instance, Australia values global trade, because its development depends a lot
on it, so it may not follow US President Donald Trump's protectionist trade
policies that have done great harm to globalization. Besides, the "rules-based
world order" Australia has advocated for years is contrary to the full-blown
protectionist policies of the US administration.

The hyping up of the "China threat" fallacy has also divided Australian
political parties and public opinions, which could prevent Australia from
enjoying the fruits of economic cooperation with its largest trade partner China
- which would be a pity.

Canberra should adopt right approach toward Beijing

Liu Qing, head of Asia-Pacific studies at the China Institute of International
Studies

China-Australia relations plunged to a historical low during the previous
government of prime minister Malcolm Turnbull, and incumbent Prime Minister
Scott Morrison may not strive a lot to improve bilateral ties.

Hostility toward China has become an integral part of Australian politics
because of ideological differences. Many Australian politicians have found that
blaming China for their country's ills and labeling it a national security risk
are very cost-effective methods of shifting public attention from domestic
economic problems to other issues. The ban on Huawei from entering Australian 5G
market is an apt example of Canberra's bias toward Beijing.

The Australian government has a dual policy toward China: cooperation with China
in trade but vigilance against China on defense and security issues. And as long
as the Liberal Party is still the leading party in Australia, Morrison is
unlikely to change that policy much as it serves the purpose of conservative
ruling party well. As the minister for immigration and border protection,
Morrison proposed strict immigration policies and prevented the $10 billion sale
of New South Wales electricity network company Ausgrid, to two bidders - a
State-owned enterprise from the Chinese mainland and a listed company from Hong
Kong.

And thanks to the US-Australia alliance, Canberra is partial to Washington's
stance, so it may not make much effort to improve relations with China,
especially at a time when the China-US trade conflict is yet to be resolved.

However, the China-Australia free trade agreement entered into force in 2015,
which means Australia should oppose Trump's protectionist policies. As such,
Australia will see to it that its ties with China do not worsen further.

But that would not be enough. Since Canberra created the misunderstandings in
China-Australia relations, it should take concrete actions to truly reset
bilateral ties. In other words, instead of trying to counterbalance its reliance
on China's market for economic prosperity with its unfriendly stance on China on
security issues, it should adopt a unified approach toward China and take
concrete steps to improve bilateral ties.

(China Daily 11/13/2018 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/10/154207006022.jpg

a41f726719b21d545d1024.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/99/154207006043.jpg

a41f726719b21d545d2025.jpg


                             542 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 13, 2018 Tuesday

HEADLINE: Wuzhen shows glimpse of a digital future

BODY:

HANGZHOU - As the World Internet Conference wraps up its fifth year in the river
town of Wuzhen, East China's Zhejiang province, technology once seen as
far-fetched flights of fancy are trickling out into peoples' everyday lives and
fueling China's nascent digital boom.

Host town for annual gathering symbol of China's rapid advances in internet
industry

HANGZHOU - As the World Internet Conference wraps up its fifth year in the river
town of Wuzhen, East China's Zhejiang province, technology once seen as
far-fetched flights of fancy are trickling out into peoples' everyday lives and
fueling China's nascent digital boom.

Held from Nov 7 to 9 in Wuzhen, this year's conference aimed to advocate
exchanges, mutual learning, cooperation and sharing in the digital fields, and
to push for peace and development in global cyberspace.

"As we can feel in Wuzhen, China's digitalization is speeding up and the town is
becoming more and more international," Pony Ma, chairman and CEO of Tencent
Group, told participants at the conference's opening ceremony on Wednesday.

"It's fair to say that Wuzhen has become an epitome of China's booming internet
industry," said Ma.

About 1,500 guests from 76 countries and regions, including government
representatives, heads of international organizations, leading figures of
internet companies, online celebrities, experts and scholars, attended the
conference.

Changing lives

"To many, retired elderly people are supposed to sit quietly while reminiscing
about their old days, but the internet has changed everything," said Wuzhen
resident Hu Hui.

By sharing dressing tips, square dance classes and performing Shaoxing Opera
with fans, the 80-year-old senior citizen has gained about 10,000 views on the
Chinese video-sharing app Douyin.

Many of her neighbors are also enjoying a youthful lifestyle - shopping online,
paying with smartphones and sharing their daily life on live streaming
platforms.

As are conference attendees. Face-scanning technology has replaced the gate
pass. While guests can check-in at the Binzhi AI Hotel by only swiping their ID
card and scanning their face.

In this digital town, some of the latest technological innovations, once viewed
as the stuff of science fiction, are becoming reality.

At the Light of Internet Expo held during the WIC, a model demonstrated how
grocery stores can operate without cashiers. Cameras, powered by visual
identification technology by ArcSoft Inc, identify fruit chosen by customers,
allowing them to grab goods and checkout on their own.

Visionox Co demonstrated a foldable smartphone with two 7.2-inch flexible
screens that can be flipped open like a book, or folded to fit into a pocket.

Chinese tech giant Baidu Inc also showcased its newly developed self-driving bus
named Apolong at the expo.

With no need for a human driver, the bus is able to smoothly navigate roads,
while avoiding pedestrians and other vehicles.

The inside of the vehicle resembles an entertainment room where passengers can
watch movies, sing karaoke and enjoy a carefree ride.

The bus began mass production in July and has been put into operation in
semi-en-closed and enclosed areas, such as scenic areas and industrial parks, in
Beijing, Xiamen in Fujian province and other Chinese cities.

"I see tens of thousands of self-driving vehicles running on connected roads in
the future," said Zhang Yaqin, president of Baidu. "This will bring fundamental
changes to the relationship between men, vehicles and cities."

Looking to connect them all is the world's largest telecommunications equipment
manufacturer Huawei Technologies Co Ltd, which used Wuzhen to demonstrate its
latest 5G technology.

Digital boom

The conference also brought news of the sizeable boom China's digital economy is
going through, with the release of the World Internet Development Report 2018
and China Internet Development Report 2018 on Thursday morning.

In 2017, the size of China's digital economy grew to 27.2 trillion yuan ($3.9
trillion), accounting for 32.9 percent of the nation's GDP, up 2.6 percentage
points on the previous year.

In all, the booming digital economy contributed about 55 percent to the
country's GDP growth in 2017.

As of December 2017, China has a total of 102 listed internet enterprises at
home and abroad, up 12 percent year-on-year.

As of June, the number of China's netizens reached 802 million, among which 788
million are mobile phone users.

The reports also found that the volume of information consumption more than
doubled, from 2.2 trillion yuan in 2013 to 4.5 trillion yuan in 2017, with
year-on-year growth of 20 percent.

"In the last five years, we've seen China move into the heart of the digital
economy, not just in numbers, but also with innovation," said Fadi Chehade,
senior consultant to the executive chairman of the World Economic Forum.

The conference on Wednesday unveiled the top 15 latest global scientific and
technological achievements, selected by a committee of 40 Chinese and foreign
experts from about 400 entries.

Among them are WeChat mini-programs from Tencent Group, an artificial
intelligence processor from Huawei, the intelligent cybersecurity protection
system from the 360 Group, and an AI open platform for smart homes from Xiaomi.

"Digital economy means an open economy. It has no future without opening-up.
China views the digital economy as a common opportunity for global development,"
said Zhuang Rongwen, director of the Cyberspace Administration of China and
deputy director of the State Council Information Office.

"We are willing to deepen cooperation with other countries to further promote
the digital economy, and achieve greater development through cross-border
e-commerce and open markets," Zhuang said.

Xinhua

A visitor takes a selfie while another visitor plays a virtual reality game with
a headset at the Light of Internet Exposition in Wuzhen, Zhejiang province, on
Friday. Zhu Xinxing / China Daily

(China Daily 11/13/2018 page16)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/24/154207007176.jpg

a41f726b05111d545d4811.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/13/154207007195.jpg

a41f726b05111d545d4e12.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/61/154207007211.jpg

a41f726b05111d545d5613.jpg


                             543 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            November 12, 2018 Monday

HEADLINE: Agriculture gets quantum helping hand from firm

BYLINE: Wang Jinhui

BODY:

A leading global provider of information and communications, Huawei Technologies
has made headway in its efforts to boost modern agriculture by applying
cutting-edge internet of things technology, according to the company.

The technology is based on information-sensing equipment that can memorize the
real-time information of certain objects or processes and manage all the data
intelligently through a systematic network.

In the field of agriculture, internet of things technology refers to monitoring
the parameters of the temperature, humidity, pH balance, sunlight, soil
nutrition and levels of carbon dioxide in the environment - to ensure the best
growing conditions for crops.

Agriculture is the name of the game at Huawei's global innovation center at the
Sea Rice Research and Development Center, in Shandong province, led by
agricultural scientist Yuan Longping.

"It is the company's key initiative and responsibility to integrate
state-of-the-art technologies into agriculture," said Hu Houkun, rotating
chairman of Huawei.

He said that the center aims to advance the development of intelligent
agriculture based on the internet of things, big data, mobile internet and cloud
computing - and serve as a vital platform for pioneers in the agriculture
sector.

"We are developing a system that contains a small weather station, communication
modules, high definition cameras and various sensors that could measure
sunlight, temperature, alkalinity and growth and the development tendency for
rice.

"All the information will be conveyed to the big data center instantly through
narrow-band internet of things technology," Hu said.

Then, the artificial intelligence and expert diagnosis system will analyze and
give suggestions on the fertilization, soil quality monitoring, extermination of
disease and insect pests and automatic production measurements.

The whole agricultural system, using the internet of things, is termed "the
digitalization of the soil", Hu added.

"Besides improving the saline-alkali soil, the system can also further upgrade
existing farmland and increase production and the quality of the crops.

"For example, the system could save 30 percent of water and 40 percent of
fertilizers at the rice center in Qingdao," Hu added.

The internet of things technology can also be applied in many areas such as fish
breeding, poultry raising and the food industry, ranging from raw-food
materials, the supply chain, inspection and detection, logistics, cooking and
delivery.

(China Daily 11/12/2018 page15)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/18/154198366763.jpg

a41f726719b21d5305aa19.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/56/154198366797.jpg

a41f726719b21d5305b01a.jpg


                             544 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            November 12, 2018 Monday

HEADLINE: Advanced medical services given boost

BYLINE: Cao Yingying

BODY:

Chinese information technology giant Huawei is taking grand steps in the field
of medicine by developing advanced systems for hospitals to use with their
patients in order to provide better healthcare.

The company has built a regional medical information platform using big data and
cloud computing technologies.

Its healthcare solutions enable medical professionals, organizations and
infrastructure to collaborate and securely share healthcare data more
effectively.

Huawei says it has developed telemedicine applications, including remote
high-definition video, teleconsultation, remote surgery demonstration, medical
video-on-demand and remote doctor visits. So far, it has cooperated with
regional hospitals to launch telemedicine programs and made good progress,
according to the company.

The First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University in Henan province is one
of Huawei's partners.

A joint innovation center of telemedicine and big data in the hospital,
connected with more than 500 other hospitals in the province, is helping to
create a nationwide platform.

The center can provide many medical services, such as remote consultation,
emergency medical advice, intensive care, electrocardiograms and imaging
diagnoses.

In the past, the average time it took for an emergency patient from Xinyang,
Henan province to see a doctor at the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou
University was more than 10 hours.

The telemedicine system cuts that time down to less than an hour.

With the help of Huawei, the hospital has built a network for telemedicine,
which covers villages, counties and cities in the province, and will not only
improve the efficiency of consultation, but also provide medical education to
basic-level hospitals and clients.

Huawei has also provided medical solutions to the First People's Hospital of
Yulin in the Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region.

To improve the insufficient medical capacity of health institutions and clients
in counties and villages in the city of Yulin, higher requirements were needed
for the telemedicine system.

The company used its advanced proprietary technology to ensure that video calls
could be made in 1080p resolution at 60 frames per second to improve
consultation experience.

The optimization of the telemedicine system helps the hospital to offer services
to patients in the Yulin region, especially those in rural areas.

In the future, Huawei plans to develop futuristic oral nano-size intelligent
surgical robots to assist in molecular-level surgery on abnormal cells, and an
artificial intelligent doctor system that can act as a family health manager,
which can diagnose and treat common diseases and help to manage chronic
diseases.

caoyingying@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 11/12/2018 page15)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/19/154198366813.jpg

a41f726719b21d5305e01c.jpg


                             545 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            November 12, 2018 Monday

HEADLINE: Company's intelligent systems make airports run more smoothly

BYLINE: Wang Jinhui

BODY:

To improve efficiency and safety, Huawei Technologies is helping airports to
offer intelligent systems and services based on its latest technologies,
according to the company.

Yu Dong, president of industry marketing and solution of enterprise business
group at Huawei, said the company adopts a "platform plus ecosystem" method and
focuses on the infrastructure of information and communications technologies
such as artificial intelligence, cloud computing, big data and internet of
things.

"The digital innovation in the transport sector is speeding up. Improving
safety, efficiency and customers' experiences are key initiatives in promoting
intelligent travel," Yu said.

Passengers check flight information at Shenzhen Bao'an International Airport,
which has cooperated with Huawei to update its software system and build itself
into an intelligent airport. Provided to China Daily

The company aims to build open and sustainable platforms in cooperation with
partners to achieve win-win solutions, he added.

To date, Huawei has offered intelligent systems and services to more than 50
airports, 20 airlines and air traffic control departments around China,
including over 15 airports with passenger flow exceeding 30 million visitors
annually.

Relying on Huawei's visual ground solutions that apply the latest 4.5G eLTE
service and the internet content provider, the systems for intelligent airports
are able to position and trace staff members, cars and equipment, and coordinate
issues within various departments to ensure efficiency and good management.

One example is the face-recognition system, in which passengers only need to
stand under the flight information display to conduct identity verification and
get flight information instead of lining up for complicated authentication and
security checks. Passengers are able to experience the paperless service for
check-in and boarding through the face-recognition system.

Intelligent airports also provide premium passengers with tailor-made services
including identity recognition and boarding reminders by Huawei's technologies
including photo databases, video monitoring, face-recognition and real-time
geographic information systems.

Another system makes landings more efficient and safer for pilots.

In the past, pilots received gate information and order of route when the
aircraft was ready to land, which often resulted in long delays, particularly in
unfavorable weather conditions.

Huawei's innovative intelligent system on position allocation and direction
lights is based on its big data and algorithm technologies. The system can guide
the aircraft with a green line when it lands by distributing the gate
information for every aircraft, calculating the best route on the runway and
controlling direction lights automatically.

It has largely improved the efficiency and safety for landing planes.

Wang Guoyu, general manager of the transport solutions department at Huawei's
business group, said that the concept of the intelligent airport is becoming a
reality and it is the value and motivation for the company to construct
fully-connected and humanized airports with partners in the future.

Huawei will continue to offer convenient and intelligent management solutions
for airports and improve user experiences, he said.

"It is a challenge for airports to ensure the quality of services and meet the
diverse demands of passengers."

(China Daily 11/12/2018 page15)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/42/154198366830.jpg

a41f726719b21d5305bb1b.jpg


                             546 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            November 12, 2018 Monday

HEADLINE: Tech giant blazes trail for profound digital change

BYLINE: Wang Jinhui

BODY:

Tech giant Huawei Technologies says it is helping to speed up the digital
transformation of society by building e-government cloud platforms across the
country.

Huawei speeds up transformation by rolling out e-government platforms

Tech giant Huawei Technologies says it is helping to speed up the digital
transformation of society by building e-government cloud platforms across the
country.

To date, Huawei's cloud-based platforms have been applied in more than 260
e-government projects in industry and administrative services - and in the wide
range of projects that aim to improve the well-being of citizens, covering
environmental issues, transport, healthcare, medical services, education and
infrastructure.

Huawei Technologies showcases its 5G tech solutions at the PT Expo China in
Beijing in September. Provided to China Daily

The company has worked with 16 ministries and commissions including the State
Information Center, the General Administration of Customs, the State
Administration of Taxation, the China Meteorological Administration and the
Ministry of Education, as well as 15 provinces and municipal governments and
more than 200 cities and counties around China.

Huawei's cloud-based platforms simplify the procedures for administrative
affairs by offering technological solutions, which help the central and regional
governments store information, calculate and analyze data and make decisions in
a short time.

Yang Ruikai, director of Huawei's digital government business department, said
his company insists on independent research and the development of latest
technologies - including cloud computing, big data and artificial intelligence -
and aims to provide cloud infrastructure services for the governments.

"Possessing an open and cooperative concept, we strive to build a sharing
platform for the public and offer a win-win solution to build intelligent cities
nationwide," Yang added.

One example of Huawei's initiatives is the Beijing e-government cloud-based
platform, which is supported by the company's cloud data center. Beijing's
platform offers residents "one-stop" services related to people's livelihood
including social security, medical care and insurance.

Officials say it has significantly reduced the time spent on administrative
examinations and approvals. Other platforms have been rolled out to cities such
as Shenzhen, Shanghai and Guangzhou.

In the past, applying for the birth certificate for a second child in Shenzhen
was very time-consuming and difficult, requiring approval from the community,
street family planning office and bureau of family planning.

Huawei said that now the situation has improved thanks to its cloud-based
platform, where the whole process is just "one window, one procedure" in the
city's Longgang district.

In addition, more than 600 other e-government services are available on the
platform in Longgang for such things as applications for temporary resident
permits.

In Shanghai, companies used to have to go to at least three places - the
administration for industry and commerce, tax department and quality supervision
department - to get a business license. Now, it takes four days.

Statistics show that after the administrative service center of Shanghai's Xuhui
district launched its e-government service in June last year, the number of
physical applications and other administrative transactions at bricks-and-mortar
offices fell 30 percent last year to 700,000 compared with 2016.

The e-government cloud-based platform in Guangzhou has initiated an information
sharing system supported by Huawei, which officials say could help financial and
taxation departments to conduct comprehensive tax processing.

The system is able to handle automatic data reconciliation between governments
and industry, covering such information as insurance and real estate
registrations. It plays an active role in tackling illegal behavior, including
false declarations and the issuing of fake documents.

In 2016, Gaoqing county in the city of Zibo in Shandong province put forward an
intelligent city plan.

Supported by Huawei and other partners, Gaoqing has upgraded its traditional
industry relying on internet of things, big data, cloud computing and virtual
reality. Officials say their county has made significant achievements in such
areas as public security, city management, real-time medical care and
environmental protection.

The effect of the new e-government platforms has been felt nationally.

Statistics from the Internet Network Information Center showed that the number
of online users accessing government services reached 485 million last year,
accounting for 62.9 percent of all netizens.

wangjinhui@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 11/12/2018 page15)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/88/154198366849.jpg

a41f726719b21d53058f16.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/90/154198366867.jpg

a41f726719b21d53059f17.jpg


                             547 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 10, 2018 Saturday

HEADLINE: China takes its place among the digital elite

BYLINE: Cheng Yu and Ouyang Shijia in Wuzhen, Zhejiang province

BODY:

China and the United States are the top contributors to the world's digital
economy, which totaled $12.9 trillion globally last year, according to a report
released at the Fifth World Internet Conference in Wuzhen, Zhejiang province,
which ended on Friday.

A new report places the country as one of biggest contributors to the world's
digital economy, while the nation leads the way in 5G development

China and the United States are the top contributors to the world's digital
economy, which totaled $12.9 trillion globally last year, according to a report
released at the Fifth World Internet Conference in Wuzhen, Zhejiang province,
which ended on Friday.

The findings are part of the World Internet Development Report 2018, an industry
index showing the world's latest internet developments, said Yang Shuzhen, head
of the Chinese Academy of Cyberspace Studies.

"The report aims to provide a comprehensive picture of the world's latest
achievements in internet technologies and applications," he added.

From left: A staff member demonstrates facial recognition payment technology at
the Light of the Internet Expo in Wuzhen, Zhejiang province; visitors interact
with a robot; visitors try out 5G technology. Photos by Zhu Xingxin / China
Daily

According to the report, China, with the largest number of internet users and
the world's top e-commerce and mobile payment markets, ranked No 2 among 45
countries in the index, which gauges measurements from internet infrastructure
to information technology.

Over the past few years, China's internet industries have rapidly developed into
a digital force.

"Embracing the latest technological revolution and industrial transformation,
we've seen a surge of internet innovation and applications in cutting-edge
technologies, such as artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing,
quantum computing and next-generation mobile communication," said Zhuang
Rongwen, minister of the Cyberspace Administration of China, during this year's
World Internet Conference.

"The booming new trend also accelerates the cross-integration of biotechnology,
new energy and new material technologies. Today's world faces unprecedented
opportunities, thus we need to join hands to promote the innovative development
of the internet."

Data from the China Internet Network Information Center backs the booming
internet trend. Statistics show that China's netizen population hit a new high,
reaching 802 million users by the end of June this year.

Zhuang noted that the internet has become the most innovative and dynamic
sector, profoundly changing production and people's daily lives.

The rapid growth of online industry is leading the digital economy to play an
increasingly bigger role in the country's economic development.

The report showed that the country's digital economy has contributed 32.9
percent to the country's total GDP and comprised 55 percent of its GDP growth.

Capitalizing on this surge in progress, China has gained momentum in information
technology and leads the way in the development of 4G and 5G networks.

The nation was among the world's top five countries with the most 4G users,
while its 5G research and development put China in the world's top tier,
according to the report.

"China is at a key period in the commercialization of 5G," said Chen Zhaoxiong,
vice-minister of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, at a forum
during the World Internet Conference.

At least 10 times faster than 4G, 5G will allow for superfast downloading of
movies, and enable a string of applications such as self-driving cars, remote
surgeries and streaming virtual reality games.

China fell behind in the initial rollout of 4G and 3G licenses, taking several
years more to issue them compared with other pioneers.

However, when it comes to 5G, China will be a pioneer and among the first batch
of countries to issue 5G licenses in the world - most likely by the end of this
year or the first half of 2020 - according to Wang Zhiqin, vice-president of
government think tank, the China Academy of Information and Communications
Technology.

"The great leap of mobile communication and technology over the past 32 years is
building an expressway for linking people across the world," said Chen.

He also used the conference to call for global efforts to promote developing the
cutting-edge technologies, including pushing forward 5G standards and
applications.

By now, China has neared the completion of its third-phase of 5G testing, thanks
to the participation of both domestic companies such as Huawei Technologies Co
Ltd and foreign enterprises such as Ericsson AB.

As a case in point, Ericsson worked alongside the China Mobile Research
Institute and US tech giant, Intel, earlier this year, to complete a 5G call
that was compliant with cellular industry standards and specifications. The
telecom call was the world's first such test.

"5G is open for business," said Sinisa Krajnovic, vice-president and head of
digital services of Northeast Asia for Ericsson, at a forum held on Friday.

"5G is here. The need for 5G is here, both in the consumer sector, like mobile
broadband, and in various cases among numerous industries. Its business
potential has already been identified and many more will follow," he said.

Contact the writers through chengyu@chinadaily.com.cn

5G+8K video live broadcast technology at the China Telecom booth. Zhu Xingxin /
China Daily

(China Daily 11/10/2018 page14)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/14/154181081897.jpg

a41f726719b21d505e4a10.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/83/154181081923.jpg

a41f726719b21d505e5b11.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/72/154181081941.jpg

a41f726719b21d505e6013.jpg


                             548 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 10, 2018 Saturday

HEADLINE: Event stresses tech's role in improving lives

BYLINE: Ouyang Shijia, Liu Yukun and Cheng Yu in Wuzhen, Zhejiang

BODY:

The Fifth World Internet Conference ended on Friday with government officials
and industry leaders calling for global efforts to build a digital world with
shared interests and collective governance.

Leading lights agree digital governance, cooperation, social inclusion,
equitable benefits are the key to global progress

The Fifth World Internet Conference ended on Friday with government officials
and industry leaders calling for global efforts to build a digital world with
shared interests and collective governance.

"Cooperation in the digital age is more important than ever, and we need to do
much more together as a global community to ensure that no one is left behind
offline," Elliott Harris, assistant secretary-general for economic development
and chief economist in the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the
United Nations, said at the closing ceremony.

Viviane Reding, a member of Luxembourg's parliament and former vice-president of
the European Commission, speaks at the closing ceremony of the Fifth World
Internet Conference in Wuzhen, East China's Zhejiang province, on Friday. Photos
by Chen Zebing / China Daily

"The conference offered an excellent space for experts and practitioners to
reflect collectively on the issues related to the digital economy, social
inclusion and digital governance, as we seek to share equitably in the benefits
of the digital revolution."

The conference provided fertile ground for cooperation and sharing, which is
touted as "a showcase of the digital achievement of China and the capacity of
all participants to collaborate", said Viviane Reding, member of Luxembourg's
parliament and former vice-president of the European Commission.

She made a reference to China's role as the world's biggest e-commerce market
with more than 800 million netizens, adding that Chinese netizens utilize the
technology in a very natural way.

"China and Europe should jointly work to better link our digital economies,
creating a common opportunity and link our industries' possibilities to our
startups," Reding said. "We should synergize digital strategies, coordinate
policies, build common standards of technology and ethics, promote academic
exchanges and enhance global cooperation in cutting-edge technologies like 5G
and artificial intelligence, to better equip our societies and our industries."

Agreed Zhuang Rongwen, minister of the Cyberspace Administration of China. The
country is pledging to boost the internet's development for the betterment of
people and economic growth, he said.

"The internet is a growing driving force to promote the country's economic
transformation and to improve social progress, offering new impetus for the
world's internet development," Zhuang said.

He also said more efforts are needed to create an innovative environment, boost
the development of cloud computing, big data, AI and other technologies, expand
exchanges and deepen cooperation among different countries and regions,
accelerate global network infrastructure, safeguard data security and bridge the
digital divide.

This year's conference centered on the theme "Creating a Digital World for
Mutual Trust and Collective Governance - Toward a Community with a Shared Future
in Cyberspace", and featured discussions on global communication and cooperation
in various sectors.

More than 1,500 participants attended the event. Among them were government
officials, scholars, industry leaders and representatives of international
organizations from 76 countries and regions.

Over the last four years, the conference has sought to promote industrial
innovation and advanced communications.

During the fifth edition, 431 local as well as overseas internet-related
enterprises showcased their latest technologies and products at the Light of
Internet Expo, which was part of the larger conference that focused on subjects
like the latest applications of 5G mobile telecom technology, self-driving
vehicles and robots.

Notably, the event singled out 15 top-notch achievements relating to internet
technologies, in fields like artificial intelligence and 5G. They were selected
from over 400 technological achievements from more than 20 countries and
regions.

The selection committee was co-chaired by Whitfield Diffie, winner of the 2015
Turing Award, and Wu Hequan, an academic with the Chinese Academy of
Engineering, and consisted of over 40 Chinese and foreign technologists. They
started collecting submissions in July.

Tencent Holdings Ltd's WeChat mini programs, Huawei Technologies Co Ltd 's
artificial intelligence processor, and 360 Security Technology Inc's intelligent
cybersecurity protection system made it onto the list. Others included the
technologies and services of Baidu Inc, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and Xiaomi
Corp.

Tesla Inc, the US-based electric vehicle maker, and Qualcomm Inc, a chip
company, were also appreciated for their smart services and technological
breakthroughs.

US-based online travel giant Booking Holdings called the conference "a great
opportunity" to build more cooperation for the future.

Glenn D. Fogel, CEO of Booking Holdings, said: "The conference is a great
gathering of technology experts and businesspeople from around the world. It
brings together the brightest minds in technology. And leaders from various
industries shared ideas and ways to move forward for the future, making it
better for us to drive our business growth.

"China has come into its own as an innovator, and I believe it will continue to
be a powerhouse for tech in the years to come. The pace of innovation is
exceptional here, and the intense competition means if you are not at the
forefront of technology in China, you will be gone very soon."

During this year's event, Honeywell International Inc showcased its latest
technological achievements in the spheres of the internet of things, industrial
internet and related areas.

"It benefits our businesses a lot. Honeywell is a brand well-known for its
electric appliances. The expo during the event let more people learn more about
our IoT business and related techniques," said William Yu, vice-president and
general manager of Honeywell's Asia Pacific operations.

Agreed Hou Jianbin, founder and CEO of Zuoyebang, a leading Chinese online
education company, saying this year's conference offered a platform for internet
companies to showcase, share and communicate their latest achievements.

Topics concerning online charity work showed that internet-based companies have
the foresight to leverage technology to improve people's lives, he said.

"China is transforming from a big internet nation to an internet power.
Technologies are offering Chinese internet-based enterprises a broader scope,"
said Hou. "These technologies are also making high-quality resources accessible
to more places, especially rural areas."

Lou Xiang, CEO of Hangzhou-based Hengyi Petrochemicals Co Ltd, said he believes
the internet is growing to be an even more promising sector for China.

"Right now, China is leading the world in its internet adaptation in the
consumption sector. Going forward, I think there will be a boom in China's
industrial internet sector," Lou said.

Contact the writers at ouyangshijia@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 11/10/2018 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/5/154181081999.jpg

a41f726719b21d505dfb09.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/90/154181082020.jpg

a41f726719b21d505e090a.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/96/154181082036.jpg

a41f726719b21d505e0f0c.jpg


                             549 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 10, 2018 Saturday

HEADLINE: China takes its place among the digital elite

BYLINE: Cheng Yu and Ouyang Shijia in Wuzhen, Zhejiang province

BODY:

China and the United States are the top contributors to the world's digital
economy, which totaled $12.9 trillion globally last year, according to a report
released at the Fifth World Internet Conference in Wuzhen, Zhejiang province,
which ended on Friday.

A new report places the country as one of biggest contributors to the world's
digital economy, while the nation leads the way in 5G development

China and the United States are the top contributors to the world's digital
economy, which totaled $12.9 trillion globally last year, according to a report
released at the Fifth World Internet Conference in Wuzhen, Zhejiang province,
which ended on Friday.

The findings are part of the World Internet Development Report 2018, an industry
index showing the world's latest internet developments, said Yang Shuzhen, head
of the Chinese Academy of Cyberspace Studies.

"The report aims to provide a comprehensive picture of the world's latest
achievements in internet technologies and applications," he added.

From left: A staff member demonstrates facial recognition payment technology at
the Light of the Internet Expo in Wuzhen, Zhejiang province; visitors interact
with a robot; visitors try out 5G technology. Photos by Zhu Xingxin / China
Daily

According to the report, China, with the largest number of internet users and
the world's top e-commerce and mobile payment markets, ranked No 2 among 45
countries in the index, which gauges measurements from internet infrastructure
to information technology.

Over the past few years, China's internet industries have rapidly developed into
a digital force.

"Embracing the latest technological revolution and industrial transformation,
we've seen a surge of internet innovation and applications in cutting-edge
technologies, such as artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing,
quantum computing and next-generation mobile communication," said Zhuang
Rongwen, minister of the Cyberspace Administration of China, during this year's
World Internet Conference.

"The booming new trend also accelerates the cross-integration of biotechnology,
new energy and new material technologies. Today's world faces unprecedented
opportunities, thus we need to join hands to promote the innovative development
of the internet."

Data from the China Internet Network Information Center backs the booming
internet trend. Statistics show that China's netizen population hit a new high,
reaching 802 million users by the end of June this year.

Zhuang noted that the internet has become the most innovative and dynamic
sector, profoundly changing production and people's daily lives.

The rapid growth of online industry is leading the digital economy to play an
increasingly bigger role in the country's economic development.

The report showed that the country's digital economy has contributed 32.9
percent to the country's total GDP and comprised 55 percent of its GDP growth.

Capitalizing on this surge in progress, China has gained momentum in information
technology and leads the way in the development of 4G and 5G networks.

The nation was among the world's top five countries with the most 4G users,
while its 5G research and development put China in the world's top tier,
according to the report.

"China is at a key period in the commercialization of 5G," said Chen Zhaoxiong,
vice-minister of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, at a forum
during the World Internet Conference.

At least 10 times faster than 4G, 5G will allow for superfast downloading of
movies, and enable a string of applications such as self-driving cars, remote
surgeries and streaming virtual reality games.

China fell behind in the initial rollout of 4G and 3G licenses, taking several
years more to issue them compared with other pioneers.

However, when it comes to 5G, China will be a pioneer and among the first batch
of countries to issue 5G licenses in the world - most likely by the end of this
year or the first half of 2020 - according to Wang Zhiqin, vice-president of
government think tank, the China Academy of Information and Communications
Technology.

"The great leap of mobile communication and technology over the past 32 years is
building an expressway for linking people across the world," said Chen.

He also used the conference to call for global efforts to promote developing the
cutting-edge technologies, including pushing forward 5G standards and
applications.

By now, China has neared the completion of its third-phase of 5G testing, thanks
to the participation of both domestic companies such as Huawei Technologies Co
Ltd and foreign enterprises such as Ericsson AB.

As a case in point, Ericsson worked alongside the China Mobile Research
Institute and US tech giant, Intel, earlier this year, to complete a 5G call
that was compliant with cellular industry standards and specifications. The
telecom call was the world's first such test.

"5G is open for business," said Sinisa Krajnovic, vice-president and head of
digital services of Northeast Asia for Ericsson, at a forum held on Friday.

"5G is here. The need for 5G is here, both in the consumer sector, like mobile
broadband, and in various cases among numerous industries. Its business
potential has already been identified and many more will follow," he said.

Contact the writers through chengyu@chinadaily.com.cn

5G+8K video live broadcast technology at the China Telecom booth. Zhu Xingxin /
China Daily

(China Daily 11/10/2018 page14)


                             550 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 10, 2018 Saturday

HEADLINE: Event stresses tech's role in improving lives

BYLINE: Ouyang Shijia, Liu Yukun and Cheng Yu in Wuzhen, Zhejiang

BODY:

The Fifth World Internet Conference ended on Friday with government officials
and industry leaders calling for global efforts to build a digital world with
shared interests and collective governance.

Leading lights agree digital governance, cooperation, social inclusion,
equitable benefits are the key to global progress

The Fifth World Internet Conference ended on Friday with government officials
and industry leaders calling for global efforts to build a digital world with
shared interests and collective governance.

"Cooperation in the digital age is more important than ever, and we need to do
much more together as a global community to ensure that no one is left behind
offline," Elliott Harris, assistant secretary-general for economic development
and chief economist in the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the
United Nations, said at the closing ceremony.

Viviane Reding, a member of Luxembourg's parliament and former vice-president of
the European Commission, speaks at the closing ceremony of the Fifth World
Internet Conference in Wuzhen, East China's Zhejiang province, on Friday. Photos
by Chen Zebing / China Daily

"The conference offered an excellent space for experts and practitioners to
reflect collectively on the issues related to the digital economy, social
inclusion and digital governance, as we seek to share equitably in the benefits
of the digital revolution."

The conference provided fertile ground for cooperation and sharing, which is
touted as "a showcase of the digital achievement of China and the capacity of
all participants to collaborate", said Viviane Reding, member of Luxembourg's
parliament and former vice-president of the European Commission.

She made a reference to China's role as the world's biggest e-commerce market
with more than 800 million netizens, adding that Chinese netizens utilize the
technology in a very natural way.

"China and Europe should jointly work to better link our digital economies,
creating a common opportunity and link our industries' possibilities to our
startups," Reding said. "We should synergize digital strategies, coordinate
policies, build common standards of technology and ethics, promote academic
exchanges and enhance global cooperation in cutting-edge technologies like 5G
and artificial intelligence, to better equip our societies and our industries."

Agreed Zhuang Rongwen, minister of the Cyberspace Administration of China. The
country is pledging to boost the internet's development for the betterment of
people and economic growth, he said.

"The internet is a growing driving force to promote the country's economic
transformation and to improve social progress, offering new impetus for the
world's internet development," Zhuang said.

He also said more efforts are needed to create an innovative environment, boost
the development of cloud computing, big data, AI and other technologies, expand
exchanges and deepen cooperation among different countries and regions,
accelerate global network infrastructure, safeguard data security and bridge the
digital divide.

This year's conference centered on the theme "Creating a Digital World for
Mutual Trust and Collective Governance - Toward a Community with a Shared Future
in Cyberspace", and featured discussions on global communication and cooperation
in various sectors.

More than 1,500 participants attended the event. Among them were government
officials, scholars, industry leaders and representatives of international
organizations from 76 countries and regions.

Over the last four years, the conference has sought to promote industrial
innovation and advanced communications.

During the fifth edition, 431 local as well as overseas internet-related
enterprises showcased their latest technologies and products at the Light of
Internet Expo, which was part of the larger conference that focused on subjects
like the latest applications of 5G mobile telecom technology, self-driving
vehicles and robots.

Notably, the event singled out 15 top-notch achievements relating to internet
technologies, in fields like artificial intelligence and 5G. They were selected
from over 400 technological achievements from more than 20 countries and
regions.

The selection committee was co-chaired by Whitfield Diffie, winner of the 2015
Turing Award, and Wu Hequan, an academic with the Chinese Academy of
Engineering, and consisted of over 40 Chinese and foreign technologists. They
started collecting submissions in July.

Tencent Holdings Ltd's WeChat mini programs, Huawei Technologies Co Ltd 's
artificial intelligence processor, and 360 Security Technology Inc's intelligent
cybersecurity protection system made it onto the list. Others included the
technologies and services of Baidu Inc, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and Xiaomi
Corp.

Tesla Inc, the US-based electric vehicle maker, and Qualcomm Inc, a chip
company, were also appreciated for their smart services and technological
breakthroughs.

US-based online travel giant Booking Holdings called the conference "a great
opportunity" to build more cooperation for the future.

Glenn D. Fogel, CEO of Booking Holdings, said: "The conference is a great
gathering of technology experts and businesspeople from around the world. It
brings together the brightest minds in technology. And leaders from various
industries shared ideas and ways to move forward for the future, making it
better for us to drive our business growth.

"China has come into its own as an innovator, and I believe it will continue to
be a powerhouse for tech in the years to come. The pace of innovation is
exceptional here, and the intense competition means if you are not at the
forefront of technology in China, you will be gone very soon."

During this year's event, Honeywell International Inc showcased its latest
technological achievements in the spheres of the internet of things, industrial
internet and related areas.

"It benefits our businesses a lot. Honeywell is a brand well-known for its
electric appliances. The expo during the event let more people learn more about
our IoT business and related techniques," said William Yu, vice-president and
general manager of Honeywell's Asia Pacific operations.

Agreed Hou Jianbin, founder and CEO of Zuoyebang, a leading Chinese online
education company, saying this year's conference offered a platform for internet
companies to showcase, share and communicate their latest achievements.

Topics concerning online charity work showed that internet-based companies have
the foresight to leverage technology to improve people's lives, he said.

"China is transforming from a big internet nation to an internet power.
Technologies are offering Chinese internet-based enterprises a broader scope,"
said Hou. "These technologies are also making high-quality resources accessible
to more places, especially rural areas."

Lou Xiang, CEO of Hangzhou-based Hengyi Petrochemicals Co Ltd, said he believes
the internet is growing to be an even more promising sector for China.

"Right now, China is leading the world in its internet adaptation in the
consumption sector. Going forward, I think there will be a boom in China's
industrial internet sector," Lou said.

Contact the writers at ouyangshijia@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 11/10/2018 page13)


                             551 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            November 9, 2018 Friday

HEADLINE: CEOs share their views on China's digital future

BODY:

Editor's Note: China has witnessed rapid growth in a wide range of industries
due to the advancement of internet and information technologies in recent years.
China Daily reporters Cheng Yu, Liu Yukun and Ma Si interviewed top executives
of well-known companies attending the Fifth World Internet Conference for their
views on the prospects of China's internet sector and their key takeaways from
this year's conference. Their answers to the following questions are given
below.

Q1: How do you see the role of the World Internet Conference? How does your
company benefit from the annual meeting?

Q2: Which aspects of the conference inspired you most and why? What are your key
takeaways from this year's conference?

Q3: How do you view the future of China's internet sector? How will your company
better tap into the booming industry and its increasing integration with
artificial intelligence?

A1 The World Internet Conference has been held five times so far. It is the
epitome of China's thriving progress from being a big internet country to
becoming a strong internet power. The conference opens up a window for the world
to understand China, and for China to step out into the world. It also acts as
an important global stage to listen to Chinese voices and insights, and
furthermore, to gather international consensus. It plays a vital role in
promoting the further opening-up of the country's internet as well as
international cyberspace governance.

During these past five years, Tencent has been devoted to being a good
"connector", hoping to provide different industries with abundant "digital
interfaces" to enter into a "digital world". This has made positive
contributions to China's digital economy and meanwhile driven the company's
breakneck development pace.

A2 The theme of this year's World Internet Conference, "Creating a digital world
of mutual trust and governance", has inspired me. With the development of
internet-based digital platforms, digital technologies are intertwining with the
life of every individual, company or organization, and are forming a "community
of a shared future in cyberspace".

This requires us to be more active in taking on responsibilities, as being
responsible for the community means being responsible for yourself, and being
responsible for yourself is also being responsible for the shared community.

A3 The digital economy has grown to become the most dynamic economic phenomenon
worldwide. It has also become a new driver of the country's high-quality
development. Digitalization and informatization is integrating ever-more deeply
with various industries. There is still huge room for growth in China's internet
development.

In line with the development of the digital economy, linking or connecting has
always been Tencent's core strategy. After connecting people, digital content
and services, Tencent's focus for the next step is connecting industries.
Tencent will take root in the consumer internet and embrace the industrial
internet.

We will continue to connect consumers. Meanwhile, we hope to promote the deep
integration of suppliers with the internet, in a bid to help different
industries to transform and upgrade, and to drive traditional firms to expand
from manufacturing to providing consumer services.

Tencent aims to help traditional companies to move from smart retailing to smart
manufacturing, and from consumption to industry, and finally to gain a lead in
hardware, software and services.

A1 It (the World Internet Conference) is a very important and leading event. I
can also see that China is still looking for new opportunities to make it
better. I'm very glad to attend such a big event and stay in Wuzhen, such a
pretty place.

I'm also very glad to see that this year's event has discussions about
cybersecurity for the industrial sector. It is a very promising field and China
has great potential in its development.

We really look forward to more cooperation with Chinese enterprises. Right now
we are looking for partners in the industrial cybersecurity sector.

Our company has certainly benefited from the conference. We presented our
techniques and products not only to many companies, which projected great
business opportunities, but also to officials attending the event.

A2 Of course I am mostly inspired by discussions about industrial internet
adaptations, since industrial cybersecurity has been an important focus of our
businesses. Not a lot of people realize that cybersecurity for industries is a
growing sector - a new but important one. What we are doing now is building the
infrastructure and developing an ecosystem in this sector.

I gave a speech on Thursday about training engineers. The panel discussion made
me more aware that one of the largest challenges right now is a lack of
professionals and skilled engineers to build such an infrastructure and
ecosystem.

Cybersecurity in industry is very complicated because the latter has various
different systems. Even for two similar power plants, technologies used to
guarantee their cybersecurity can be very different for many reasons, for
example the power plants might have been built in different times.

Right now we don't see many trained engineers in industrial cybersecurity. As a
result, the most critical thing for the sector's development for now is
education. The sector needs more people and more trained professionals adapted
to industrial needs. We are open to more cooperation and communication on the
topic.

A3 China invests so much into cyberspace, and there's no doubt China is and will
be one of the leaders of the internet globally, not only because of its big
population, but because of its leading companies in the industry, such as
Huawei, which have grown into global brands.

We have a lot of opportunities, and it's not only because of traditional
cybersecurity, a sector which we are in and do very well, but once again, it's
also about infrastructure security.

(China Daily 11/09/2018 page21)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/35/154173154563.jpg

00221917e13e1d4f316225.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/60/154173154593.jpg

00221917e13e1d4f316d26.jpg


                             552 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            November 9, 2018 Friday

HEADLINE: Digital economy can foster growth and bridge divide

BYLINE: Ma Si, Zhou Lanxu and Liu Yukun in Wuzhen, Zhejiang

BODY:

Although substantial progress has been made in internet expansion, more efforts
are needed to bridge the digital divide among countries and regions, given that
nearly half of the global population still does not have access to the internet,
officials and experts said at the Fifth World Internet Conference on Thursday.

Viviane Reding, former vice-president of the European Commission, said digital
technologies are becoming an integral part of everyday life for many people.

Over the past decade, Europe has substantially reduced the digital divide, but
the gap remains far from being closed, said Reding, who is now a member of
Luxembourg's parliament.

The remarks, made at the Ministerial Forum: Bridging the Digital Divide, a
sub-forum of the WIC, came after a report from the United Nations showed that
about nearly half of people on the planet still do not have internet access.

Also, massive disparities in connection speeds exist in different countries,
with a gulf between the fastest and slowest. Such a gap prevents people from
less-developed countries and regions from enjoying the benefits of digital
advancement, the UN report added.

In the face of such challenges, officials and experts at the forum called for
more efforts to build network infrastructure as well as an intensified cultural
and educational push to boost digital literacy.

Zhou Shuchun, publisher and editor-in-chief of China Daily, contended that the
digital economy has become an increasingly important driver for global growth
and its fast pace of development in different countries and growing integration
with other sectors are offering strong support to bridge the global digital gap.

"We support the idea of a globalized digital market, which is expected to
further propel the recovery and prosperity of the global economy, " Zhou said.

The global digital economy is expected to hit $23 trillion in 2025, almost
doubling the scale in 2017, according to the Global Connection Index report
released by Chinese tech company Huawei Technologies Co Ltd.

Joseph Wakaba Mucheru, cabinet secretary of Kenya's Ministry of Information,
Communications and Technology, said raising awareness of the digital divide is
one of the keys to solving this problem.

Now Kenya has mobile penetration of 90.4 percent and digital broadcasting signal
coverage of 83.6 percent, but challenges remain, including last mile broadband
connectivity, technology dependence, and the fragmented African market, Mucheru
added.

At the forum, Chinese officials also shared their experiences in expanding
internet coverage, in the hope of helping rural residents enjoy a wide range of
digital services such as shopping online.

Zhang Fuhai, a member of the Standing Committee of the Liaoning Provincial
Committee of the Communist Party of China and the province's top publicity
official, said as a major industrial base in China, Liaoning province used to
see slack development of its digital economy.

"But in recent years, we have striven to bridge the digital divide within the
province and seize the opportunity of digitalization to boost the local economy.
Specifically, we have actively developed information technologies to update our
industrial enterprises and foster new growth momentum such as software
development," Zhang said.

"We realize information exchange and the application of new technologies are two
keys to expanding internet coverage. Also, a sound network infrastructure and
pro-business environment are also needed to underpin the process," he added.

Such an intensified push to overcome the digital divide also comes as
technologies are playing a strategic role in buoying growth and innovation.
According to the European Commission, a 10 percent increase in broadband
penetration increases GDP by 1 to 1.5 percent.

Also, boosting digital inclusion can also increase the quality of life of
individuals by facilitating access to services and the economic possibilities
for local businesses, ultimately improving cohesion, according to a report by
the European Parliament.

Garba Shehu, senior special assistant to the President of the Federal Republic
of Nigeria on Media and Publicity, said the country is making accelerated
efforts to reduce the digital divide, a push assisted by Chinese companies
including Huawei Technologies Co Ltd.

The Nigerian government is aiming to provide fiber connectivity to all 774 local
government areas of Nigeria within four years, and is working to bring down
government taxes and levies associated with rolling out broadband
infrastructure.

"Chinese companies like Huawei have played an important role in helping our
digital push," he added. Huawei has sponsored Nigerian students' information and
communication technology training in China and it has also opened a technology
hub in the country.

Gabriel Lim, permanent secretary of the Ministry of Communications and
Information of the Republic of Singapore, said: "The more we use digital
technologies, the more we should make sure that every citizen has the knowledge
and skills to seize the opportunities provided by the technologies."

According to him, Singapore is stepping up its push to transform itself into a
"Smart Nation", a nation where people live meaningful and fulfilled lives,
enabled by technology.

"We must turn a digital divide into a digital multiplier," Lin said, adding that
Singapore is trying to provide universal digital access for each citizen, ensure
lifelong digital literacy through intergenerational teaching, and encourage
citizens' active digital participation in contributing ideas that could make
lives better.

Also, the digital gap is not just about network infrastructure, and education is
of importance to solve this problem. Wu Zhaohui, president of Zhejiang
University, an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, said leveraging
digital technologies to make education more accessible is one of the keys to
closing the gap.

Different from physical classrooms, digital or online education offers a way to
boost teaching productivity. Education resources can flow across borders, and
different levels of educational institutions can also cooperate with each other
more deeply. Technological advances will give birth to a new human-machine
collaboration system in education, which will involve personalized learning and
intelligent interactive teaching methods.

Contact the writers at masi@chinadaily.com.cn

Joseph Wakaba Mucheru, cabinet secretary of Kenya's Ministry of Information,
Communications and Technology, addresses the Ministerial Forum on "Bridging the
Digital Divide", a sub-forum of the Fifth World Internet Conference.Zou Hong /
China Daily

(China Daily 11/09/2018 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/99/154173155108.jpg

00221917e13e1d4f2c7d40.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/17/154173155154.jpg

00221917e13e1d4f2c693d.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/47/154173155194.jpg

00221917e13e1d4f2c6f3e.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/44/154173155224.jpg

00221917e13e1d4f2c763f.jpg


                             553 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            November 9, 2018 Friday

HEADLINE: Harness digital tech for tangible results

BODY:

Forum participants offer suggestions on how to leverage cyberspace advances for
greater social and economic progress

By embracing digital technologies and innovative ideas, the ancient Palace
Museum is gaining new vitality. We are now the most popular museum in the world,
with 16.7 million visitors last year, about twice the number of the Louvre in
France. We also have continuously expanded our display and exhibition space,
while attracting new audiences on digital media. We have developed a wide range
of mobile applications, introducing artifacts as well as Chinese history and
culture to the public, to reach and engage more people.

Shan Jixiang, director of the Palace Museum

Chinese entrepreneurs have lots of ideas and the zeal to take risks and put
these ideas into practice. I think we have a lot to learn from the (Chinese)
entrepreneurs. Hopefully, we can learn from these and our experiences, both the
positive and negative aspects. We can solve most of the problems if we join
hands.

Viviane Reding, member of the Luxembourg Parliament and former vice-president of
the European Commission

Leveraging digital technologies to make education more accessible is one of the
keys to closing the gap. Different from physical classrooms, digital or online
education offers a way to boost teaching productivity. Education resources can
flow across borders, and different levels of educational institutions can also
cooperate with each other more deeply. Technological advances will give birth to
a new human-machine collaboration system in education, which will involve
personalized learning and intelligent interactive teaching methods.

Wu Zhaohui, president of Zhejiang University and an academician of the Chinese
Academy of Sciences

We are taking concrete steps to reduce the digital divide. We aim to provide
fiber connectivity to all local government areas in Nigeria. We are also working
to bring down government taxes and levies associated with rolling out broadband
infrastructure in our country. Chinese companies like Huawei have played an
important role in helping our push for digital inclusion and expanded access.

Garba Shehu, senior special assistant on media and publicity to the president of
the Federal Republic of Nigeria

We are happy to be a part of this global event. Access to digital use is
becoming increasingly important in our day-today field activities, whether
economically, politically or socially, in exchange of information and research.

Agak Achuil Lual, first undersecretary of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and
East Africa Community Affairs of the Republic of South Sudan

The more we use digital technologies, the more we should make sure that every
citizen has the knowledge and skills to seize the opportunities provided by the
technologies. Our vision for Singapore is to be a Smart Nation - a nation where
people live meaningful and fulfilled lives, enabled by technology, offering
exciting opportunities to all of us. To achieve this, we must turn a digital
divide into a digital multiplier. Specifically, we are trying to provide
universal digital access to each citizen, ensure lifelong digital literacy
through inter-generational teaching, and encourage citizens' active digital
participation in contributing ideas that could make the lives of Singaporeans
better.

Gabriel Lim, permanent secretary of the Ministry of Communications and
Information of the Republic of Singapore

The internet is a powerful tool for us to make our work more efficient. We have
invested heavily in the internet. And we hope to use the internet as a way of
forging better partnerships with our international counterparts. It is very nice
for nations and government officials like us to meet our counterparts and
discuss about the world internet. China is leading the way as a global power and
as your good neighbor and friend, I am glad to be here and listen to what China
has to say. Nowadays the internet is the greatest equalizer because the rich and
the poor can access the same thing which helps bridge the gap. I think making
sure that mobile phones are affordable to everyone, especially those in
far-flung areas, can be a great way to narrow the gap, because it is a very
useful tool for the government to deliver basic services and let everyone learn
and experience what is happening outside their communities.

Ramon L. Cualoping III, assistant secretary and chief brand integrator of the
Presidential Communications Operations Office of the Republic of the Philippines

Expanding internet coverage must be on the top of the agenda for making
information services more available to a larger population. China
Telecommunications Corp is capable of bringing fiber broadband to 320 million
households with its 1.3 million base stations throughout China.

Gao Tongqing, vice-president of China Telecom Corp Ltd

China Daily

Liu Yuzhu (left), director of the State Administration of Cultural Heritage,
speaks at the Ministerial Forum during the Fifth World Internet Conference on
Thursday.Photos By Zou Hong / China Daily

(China Daily 11/09/2018 page14)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/85/154173155439.jpg

00221917e13e1d4f2ce341.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/84/154173155466.jpg

00221917e13e1d4f2ceb42.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/100/154173155498.jpg

00221917e13e1d4f2d6549.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/14/154173155531.jpg

00221917e13e1d4f2d6a4a.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/42/154173155572.jpg

00221917e13e1d4f2d724b.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/68/154173155612.jpg

00221917e13e1d4f2d7a4c.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/46/154173155645.jpg

00221917e13e1d4f2d824d.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/47/154173155685.jpg

00221917e13e1d4f2d8c4e.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/10/154173155752.jpg

00221917e13e1d4f2d944f.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/52/154173155792.jpg

00221917e13e1d4f2d9950.jpg


                             554 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            November 9, 2018 Friday

HEADLINE: CEOs share their views on China's digital future

BODY:

Editor's Note: China has witnessed rapid growth in a wide range of industries
due to the advancement of internet and information technologies in recent years.
China Daily reporters Cheng Yu, Liu Yukun and Ma Si interviewed top executives
of well-known companies attending the Fifth World Internet Conference for their
views on the prospects of China's internet sector and their key takeaways from
this year's conference. Their answers to the following questions are given
below.

Q1: How do you see the role of the World Internet Conference? How does your
company benefit from the annual meeting?

Q2: Which aspects of the conference inspired you most and why? What are your key
takeaways from this year's conference?

Q3: How do you view the future of China's internet sector? How will your company
better tap into the booming industry and its increasing integration with
artificial intelligence?

A1 The World Internet Conference has been held five times so far. It is the
epitome of China's thriving progress from being a big internet country to
becoming a strong internet power. The conference opens up a window for the world
to understand China, and for China to step out into the world. It also acts as
an important global stage to listen to Chinese voices and insights, and
furthermore, to gather international consensus. It plays a vital role in
promoting the further opening-up of the country's internet as well as
international cyberspace governance.

During these past five years, Tencent has been devoted to being a good
"connector", hoping to provide different industries with abundant "digital
interfaces" to enter into a "digital world". This has made positive
contributions to China's digital economy and meanwhile driven the company's
breakneck development pace.

A2 The theme of this year's World Internet Conference, "Creating a digital world
of mutual trust and governance", has inspired me. With the development of
internet-based digital platforms, digital technologies are intertwining with the
life of every individual, company or organization, and are forming a "community
of a shared future in cyberspace".

This requires us to be more active in taking on responsibilities, as being
responsible for the community means being responsible for yourself, and being
responsible for yourself is also being responsible for the shared community.

A3 The digital economy has grown to become the most dynamic economic phenomenon
worldwide. It has also become a new driver of the country's high-quality
development. Digitalization and informatization is integrating ever-more deeply
with various industries. There is still huge room for growth in China's internet
development.

In line with the development of the digital economy, linking or connecting has
always been Tencent's core strategy. After connecting people, digital content
and services, Tencent's focus for the next step is connecting industries.
Tencent will take root in the consumer internet and embrace the industrial
internet.

We will continue to connect consumers. Meanwhile, we hope to promote the deep
integration of suppliers with the internet, in a bid to help different
industries to transform and upgrade, and to drive traditional firms to expand
from manufacturing to providing consumer services.

Tencent aims to help traditional companies to move from smart retailing to smart
manufacturing, and from consumption to industry, and finally to gain a lead in
hardware, software and services.

A1 It (the World Internet Conference) is a very important and leading event. I
can also see that China is still looking for new opportunities to make it
better. I'm very glad to attend such a big event and stay in Wuzhen, such a
pretty place.

I'm also very glad to see that this year's event has discussions about
cybersecurity for the industrial sector. It is a very promising field and China
has great potential in its development.

We really look forward to more cooperation with Chinese enterprises. Right now
we are looking for partners in the industrial cybersecurity sector.

Our company has certainly benefited from the conference. We presented our
techniques and products not only to many companies, which projected great
business opportunities, but also to officials attending the event.

A2 Of course I am mostly inspired by discussions about industrial internet
adaptations, since industrial cybersecurity has been an important focus of our
businesses. Not a lot of people realize that cybersecurity for industries is a
growing sector - a new but important one. What we are doing now is building the
infrastructure and developing an ecosystem in this sector.

I gave a speech on Thursday about training engineers. The panel discussion made
me more aware that one of the largest challenges right now is a lack of
professionals and skilled engineers to build such an infrastructure and
ecosystem.

Cybersecurity in industry is very complicated because the latter has various
different systems. Even for two similar power plants, technologies used to
guarantee their cybersecurity can be very different for many reasons, for
example the power plants might have been built in different times.

Right now we don't see many trained engineers in industrial cybersecurity. As a
result, the most critical thing for the sector's development for now is
education. The sector needs more people and more trained professionals adapted
to industrial needs. We are open to more cooperation and communication on the
topic.

A3 China invests so much into cyberspace, and there's no doubt China is and will
be one of the leaders of the internet globally, not only because of its big
population, but because of its leading companies in the industry, such as
Huawei, which have grown into global brands.

We have a lot of opportunities, and it's not only because of traditional
cybersecurity, a sector which we are in and do very well, but once again, it's
also about infrastructure security.

(China Daily 11/09/2018 page21)


                             555 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            November 9, 2018 Friday

HEADLINE: Digital economy can foster growth and bridge divide

BYLINE: Ma Si, Zhou Lanxu and Liu Yukun in Wuzhen, Zhejiang

BODY:

Although substantial progress has been made in internet expansion, more efforts
are needed to bridge the digital divide among countries and regions, given that
nearly half of the global population still does not have access to the internet,
officials and experts said at the Fifth World Internet Conference on Thursday.

Viviane Reding, former vice-president of the European Commission, said digital
technologies are becoming an integral part of everyday life for many people.

Over the past decade, Europe has substantially reduced the digital divide, but
the gap remains far from being closed, said Reding, who is now a member of
Luxembourg's parliament.

The remarks, made at the Ministerial Forum: Bridging the Digital Divide, a
sub-forum of the WIC, came after a report from the United Nations showed that
about nearly half of people on the planet still do not have internet access.

Also, massive disparities in connection speeds exist in different countries,
with a gulf between the fastest and slowest. Such a gap prevents people from
less-developed countries and regions from enjoying the benefits of digital
advancement, the UN report added.

In the face of such challenges, officials and experts at the forum called for
more efforts to build network infrastructure as well as an intensified cultural
and educational push to boost digital literacy.

Zhou Shuchun, publisher and editor-in-chief of China Daily, contended that the
digital economy has become an increasingly important driver for global growth
and its fast pace of development in different countries and growing integration
with other sectors are offering strong support to bridge the global digital gap.

"We support the idea of a globalized digital market, which is expected to
further propel the recovery and prosperity of the global economy, " Zhou said.

The global digital economy is expected to hit $23 trillion in 2025, almost
doubling the scale in 2017, according to the Global Connection Index report
released by Chinese tech company Huawei Technologies Co Ltd.

Joseph Wakaba Mucheru, cabinet secretary of Kenya's Ministry of Information,
Communications and Technology, said raising awareness of the digital divide is
one of the keys to solving this problem.

Now Kenya has mobile penetration of 90.4 percent and digital broadcasting signal
coverage of 83.6 percent, but challenges remain, including last mile broadband
connectivity, technology dependence, and the fragmented African market, Mucheru
added.

At the forum, Chinese officials also shared their experiences in expanding
internet coverage, in the hope of helping rural residents enjoy a wide range of
digital services such as shopping online.

Zhang Fuhai, a member of the Standing Committee of the Liaoning Provincial
Committee of the Communist Party of China and the province's top publicity
official, said as a major industrial base in China, Liaoning province used to
see slack development of its digital economy.

"But in recent years, we have striven to bridge the digital divide within the
province and seize the opportunity of digitalization to boost the local economy.
Specifically, we have actively developed information technologies to update our
industrial enterprises and foster new growth momentum such as software
development," Zhang said.

"We realize information exchange and the application of new technologies are two
keys to expanding internet coverage. Also, a sound network infrastructure and
pro-business environment are also needed to underpin the process," he added.

Such an intensified push to overcome the digital divide also comes as
technologies are playing a strategic role in buoying growth and innovation.
According to the European Commission, a 10 percent increase in broadband
penetration increases GDP by 1 to 1.5 percent.

Also, boosting digital inclusion can also increase the quality of life of
individuals by facilitating access to services and the economic possibilities
for local businesses, ultimately improving cohesion, according to a report by
the European Parliament.

Garba Shehu, senior special assistant to the President of the Federal Republic
of Nigeria on Media and Publicity, said the country is making accelerated
efforts to reduce the digital divide, a push assisted by Chinese companies
including Huawei Technologies Co Ltd.

The Nigerian government is aiming to provide fiber connectivity to all 774 local
government areas of Nigeria within four years, and is working to bring down
government taxes and levies associated with rolling out broadband
infrastructure.

"Chinese companies like Huawei have played an important role in helping our
digital push," he added. Huawei has sponsored Nigerian students' information and
communication technology training in China and it has also opened a technology
hub in the country.

Gabriel Lim, permanent secretary of the Ministry of Communications and
Information of the Republic of Singapore, said: "The more we use digital
technologies, the more we should make sure that every citizen has the knowledge
and skills to seize the opportunities provided by the technologies."

According to him, Singapore is stepping up its push to transform itself into a
"Smart Nation", a nation where people live meaningful and fulfilled lives,
enabled by technology.

"We must turn a digital divide into a digital multiplier," Lin said, adding that
Singapore is trying to provide universal digital access for each citizen, ensure
lifelong digital literacy through intergenerational teaching, and encourage
citizens' active digital participation in contributing ideas that could make
lives better.

Also, the digital gap is not just about network infrastructure, and education is
of importance to solve this problem. Wu Zhaohui, president of Zhejiang
University, an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, said leveraging
digital technologies to make education more accessible is one of the keys to
closing the gap.

Different from physical classrooms, digital or online education offers a way to
boost teaching productivity. Education resources can flow across borders, and
different levels of educational institutions can also cooperate with each other
more deeply. Technological advances will give birth to a new human-machine
collaboration system in education, which will involve personalized learning and
intelligent interactive teaching methods.

Contact the writers at masi@chinadaily.com.cn

Joseph Wakaba Mucheru, cabinet secretary of Kenya's Ministry of Information,
Communications and Technology, addresses the Ministerial Forum on "Bridging the
Digital Divide", a sub-forum of the Fifth World Internet Conference.Zou Hong /
China Daily

(China Daily 11/09/2018 page13)


                             556 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            November 9, 2018 Friday

HEADLINE: Harness digital tech for tangible results

BODY:

Forum participants offer suggestions on how to leverage cyberspace advances for
greater social and economic progress

By embracing digital technologies and innovative ideas, the ancient Palace
Museum is gaining new vitality. We are now the most popular museum in the world,
with 16.7 million visitors last year, about twice the number of the Louvre in
France. We also have continuously expanded our display and exhibition space,
while attracting new audiences on digital media. We have developed a wide range
of mobile applications, introducing artifacts as well as Chinese history and
culture to the public, to reach and engage more people.

Shan Jixiang, director of the Palace Museum

Chinese entrepreneurs have lots of ideas and the zeal to take risks and put
these ideas into practice. I think we have a lot to learn from the (Chinese)
entrepreneurs. Hopefully, we can learn from these and our experiences, both the
positive and negative aspects. We can solve most of the problems if we join
hands.

Viviane Reding, member of the Luxembourg Parliament and former vice-president of
the European Commission

Leveraging digital technologies to make education more accessible is one of the
keys to closing the gap. Different from physical classrooms, digital or online
education offers a way to boost teaching productivity. Education resources can
flow across borders, and different levels of educational institutions can also
cooperate with each other more deeply. Technological advances will give birth to
a new human-machine collaboration system in education, which will involve
personalized learning and intelligent interactive teaching methods.

Wu Zhaohui, president of Zhejiang University and an academician of the Chinese
Academy of Sciences

We are taking concrete steps to reduce the digital divide. We aim to provide
fiber connectivity to all local government areas in Nigeria. We are also working
to bring down government taxes and levies associated with rolling out broadband
infrastructure in our country. Chinese companies like Huawei have played an
important role in helping our push for digital inclusion and expanded access.

Garba Shehu, senior special assistant on media and publicity to the president of
the Federal Republic of Nigeria

We are happy to be a part of this global event. Access to digital use is
becoming increasingly important in our day-today field activities, whether
economically, politically or socially, in exchange of information and research.

Agak Achuil Lual, first undersecretary of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and
East Africa Community Affairs of the Republic of South Sudan

The more we use digital technologies, the more we should make sure that every
citizen has the knowledge and skills to seize the opportunities provided by the
technologies. Our vision for Singapore is to be a Smart Nation - a nation where
people live meaningful and fulfilled lives, enabled by technology, offering
exciting opportunities to all of us. To achieve this, we must turn a digital
divide into a digital multiplier. Specifically, we are trying to provide
universal digital access to each citizen, ensure lifelong digital literacy
through inter-generational teaching, and encourage citizens' active digital
participation in contributing ideas that could make the lives of Singaporeans
better.

Gabriel Lim, permanent secretary of the Ministry of Communications and
Information of the Republic of Singapore

The internet is a powerful tool for us to make our work more efficient. We have
invested heavily in the internet. And we hope to use the internet as a way of
forging better partnerships with our international counterparts. It is very nice
for nations and government officials like us to meet our counterparts and
discuss about the world internet. China is leading the way as a global power and
as your good neighbor and friend, I am glad to be here and listen to what China
has to say. Nowadays the internet is the greatest equalizer because the rich and
the poor can access the same thing which helps bridge the gap. I think making
sure that mobile phones are affordable to everyone, especially those in
far-flung areas, can be a great way to narrow the gap, because it is a very
useful tool for the government to deliver basic services and let everyone learn
and experience what is happening outside their communities.

Ramon L. Cualoping III, assistant secretary and chief brand integrator of the
Presidential Communications Operations Office of the Republic of the Philippines

Expanding internet coverage must be on the top of the agenda for making
information services more available to a larger population. China
Telecommunications Corp is capable of bringing fiber broadband to 320 million
households with its 1.3 million base stations throughout China.

Gao Tongqing, vice-president of China Telecom Corp Ltd

China Daily

Liu Yuzhu (left), director of the State Administration of Cultural Heritage,
speaks at the Ministerial Forum during the Fifth World Internet Conference on
Thursday.Photos By Zou Hong / China Daily

(China Daily 11/09/2018 page14)


                             557 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 8, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Policies to boost private economy

BYLINE: Zhong Nan in Shanghai

BODY:

The entrepreneurial and innovative flame will burn bright in China as the
country's top leadership pledged to continue offering private companies
assistance, such as removing the tax burden and solving financing issues, said a
top executive of one of the nation's largest retailers by revenue.

Zhang Jindong, chairman of Suning Holdings Group Ltd, said with the deepening of
China's reform and opening-up policy, private companies have the confidence and
capability to create more economic and social value, as well as to support the
country's ongoing consumption and industrial upgrading.

His comments came after President Xi Jinping, at a meeting on Nov 1, called for
providing more support for the non-public sector, including building a fairer
competitive environment and safeguarding private enterprises and their wealth.

An employee operates an automatic sorting system in a warehouse of Suning
Holdings Group Ltd in Nanjing, Jiangsu province. Photos Provided to China Daily

Xi said the government will unswervingly encourage, support and guide the
development of the non-public sector and support private enterprises to move
toward a broader stage.

"Over the next three years, we will open 20,000 new smart retail stores, expand
the service based on the customer-to-business model, collaborate with more
manufacturers to develop intelligent manufacturing, and set up
poverty-alleviation training workshops in 100 counties," said Zhang.

Suning will also deploy more resources to expand cross-border e-commerce and
start a large-scale overseas procurement program, he said.

The Nanjing, Jiangsu province-headquartered group saw its online and offline
sales jump 42 percent year-on-year in the first three quarters of this year,
thanks to consumers' diversified demand in both the domestic and global markets.

The company ranked second among the top 500 non-State owned enterprises in China
with revenue of 557.9 billion yuan ($80.5 billion) in 2017, after Huawei
Technologies Co, according to data released by the All-China Federation of
Industry and Commerce in late August.

Eager to enhance its earning ability, Suning brought a number of its products,
from logistics robots and big data service solutions to Australian milk tea and
fruit, to the ongoing first China International Import Expo in Shanghai.

During the CIIE, it plans to import at least 5,000 kinds of products and
services that have not been sold in the domestic market, and import $17.24
billion worth of imported goods from global markets. Zhang said the group will
not only develop smart retail systems throughout China in the coming years, but
also plans to expand its presence in areas such as logistics, finance, sport,
culture and investment to further diversify its development.

With new measures to support the private sector, more favorable policies are
expected be rolled out soon. The difficulties faced by private companies are
just a natural part of development, and will gradually be solved with effective
solutions, an expert said.

"As private companies and entrepreneurs are once again reassured by the central
authorities, their potential will be unleashed more as China's economic strength
is further improved," said Li Gang, vice-president of the Chinese Academy of
International Trade and Economic Cooperation.

zhongnan@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 11/08/2018 page21)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/72/154163808399.jpg

f04da2db11221d4dc5c34c.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/66/154163808433.jpg

f04da2db11221d4dc5db4d.jpg


                             558 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 8, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Chinese carriers wrest 5G lead

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Chinese telecom companies are seeking to maintain their lead in the global race
for 5G commercialization.

Editor's Note: On Friday, the ongoing Fifth World Internet Conference in Wuzhen,
Zhejiang province, will hold a forum on "5G Era: Opening and Cooperation for a
Better Future". In the run-up to the key event, in interviews with China Daily,
industry luminaries recalled how China's sustained R&D efforts have helped the
nation maintain its pioneering role in evolving 5G mobile communication
technology, related standards and the licensing phase.

Intensified research and development activities, industry partnerships mark the
push toward 2020 commercial rollout

Chinese telecom companies are seeking to maintain their lead in the global race
for 5G commercialization.

They are stepping up research and development of the fifth-generation mobile
communication technology, which is said to be at least 10 times faster than 4G
services.

They are also deepening partnerships with various industries to roll out
commercial services sooner than later, industry insiders said.

For instance, China Mobile Communications Corp, the world's largest telecom
carrier with more than 910 million mobile subscribers, is planning to combine 5G
with artificial intelligence and cloud technology for an ultramodern network
that is slated for a 2020 rollout.

The company has played a significant role in the finalization of the first phase
of global 5G standards, which kicked off the head stretch toward commercial 5G
services.

Shang Bing, chairman of China Mobile, said: "We will focus on the standalone 5G
network structure, push forward the cloud deployment of the superfast technology
and build an intelligent network by boosting the operational efficiency with
AI."

According to him, the company will establish a 5G innovation fund to promote the
development and maturity of full-fledged industrial applications of 5G.

The senior executive did not elaborate on the specific investment size of the
fund. But he said the Beijing-based company is vigorously conducting 5G trials
in several cities and will start pre-commercial use of 5G in 2019 before the
planned commercial launch in 2020.

The new technology will enable superfast downloads of "heavy" files like movies,
self-driving cars and streaming of virtual reality games.

"Telecom operators must accelerate the transformation toward smart networks,
lean management and platform services, so as to prepare for the 5G era," Shang
said.

China is expected to have 576 million 5G users by 2025, or over 40 percent of
global consumption, according to a report released by global consultancy EY
earlier this month.

The report, titled China is Poised to Win the 5G Race, estimated that the
nation's 5G capital expenditure is expected to hit 1.5 trillion yuan ($223
billion) between 2019 and 2025.

Proactive government support and big-ticket investments have helped shape a
self-sustainable 5G environment in China, it added.

With the global unified standard set to be finalized in the next year or so,
China is likely to advance its target for the commercial launch of 5G
connections to 2019, to potentially become one of the first 5G-ready markets in
the world, EY forecast.

Besides China Mobile, smaller telecom carriers including China
Telecommunications Corp and China United Network Communications Group Co Ltd are
moving fast to upgrade their networks. China Telecom said it will conduct scale
trials of 5G applications in 17 cities.

The State-owned company will also set up 5G innovation centers to accelerate
R&D. "Cross-industry cooperation is needed to speed up the maturity of 5G. China
Telecom will step up efforts to push forward such collaboration," Yang Jie,
chairman of China Telecom, said. "We aim to launch commercial 5G services in
2020."

At an expo jointly held by China Telecom and the US chip giant Qualcomm Inc in
Guangzhou, capital of Guangdong province, in September, the telecom carrier
launched an action plan called Hello 5G to promote an ecosystem where companies
from diverse sectors can join hands for growth.

Similarly, China Unicom said it will start 5G testing this year,
precommercialize 5G in 2019 and finally achieve large-scale commercialization in
2020.

Ma Hongbing, general manager of operations and maintenance at China Unicom, said
16 cities, including Beijing, Xiongan, Shenyang and Qingdao, will see
large-scale 5G testing this year.

All these efforts follow the rollout of favorable policies by the Ministry of
Industry and Information Technology, China's regulator, which is seeking to
expedite the development of 5G.

Wang Zhiqin, head of a 5G promotion group under the MIIT, said the second half
of 2019 could well be the earliest that China may issue 5G licenses.

"We will be among the first batch of countries to issue 5G licenses in the
world, most likely between the second half of 2019 and the first half of 2020,"
said Wang, who is also the vice-president of the China Academy of Information
and Communications Technology, a government think tank affiliated to the MIIT.

In the past, China lagged other countries in issuing 4G and 3G licenses. But in
5G, the nation has already played an important role in finalizing the global
standards and raced ahead in R&D.

"Frequency bands are likely to be distributed to telecom carriers before the end
of this year, which will accelerate the construction of 5G networks," Wang said.

According to her, medium-frequency bands will be used for 5G networks in the
country; and two of the country's three big telecom carriers, namely China
Mobile and China Telecom, preferred to build standalone 5G networks from the
very beginning, in contrast to the United States and South Korea where companies
are building non-standalone 5G networks.

Non-standalone 5G deployment offers a way for companies to set up 5G stations by
partially relying on the existing 4G network infrastructure while standalone
architecture would require completely new structures.

"The cost of building a 5G base station will be at least 1.5 times that of a 4G
base station, which will put pressure on telecom carriers," Wang said. "But the
trend to innovate and apply 5G in a wide range of industries will motivate them
to move fast."

Agreed Steve Lo, managing partner of EY's technology, media and
telecommunications division for the region. "Proactive government support and
investments in capital goods have helped shape a self-sustainable 5G environment
in China," Lo said.

"China is determined to make 5G a top priority on its national agenda, striving
to take a leadership role in the global landscape. It is also pressing for
participation in the formulation of the international 5G standard to make China
one of the main players."

By now, China has neared the completion of its third-phase of 5G testing, thanks
to the participation of both domestic companies such as Huawei Technologies Co
Ltd and foreign enterprises such as Ericsson AB.

The goal is to get pre-commercial system products ready by the end of this year.

Liu Xuan, an employee of Shenzhen-based BGI, China's top gene-sequencing
provider, said the company is engaged in a project using 5G technology to
enhance medical services in remote areas.

"We are experimenting how to help doctors do sonograms for patients thousands of
miles away by tapping into the superfast speed and extremely fast responses of
5G," Liu said.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 11/08/2018 page19)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/72/154163808582.jpg

f04da2db11221d4dc32d43.jpg


                             559 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 8, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Domestic enterprises set tone for global fifth-generation players

BYLINE: Cheng Yu

BODY:

China will target a large-scale commercial launch of 5G in the first half of
2020, prompting global telecom players to follow suit, ramp up their resource
allocation and expand their businesses in the country, industry insiders said.

Pre-commercial testing of 5G services is being planned for the second half of
2019.

During this process, major global telecom players including Ericsson AB, Intel
Inc, and Qualcomm Inc are expected to sew up an array of partnerships with
Chinese counterparts.

For these companies, cross-border and cross-industry partnerships are the key to
the 5G race, they said.

A case in point is that Ericsson formed a tie-up with the China Mobile Research
Institute and US tech giant Intel in June this year, to complete a 5G call that
is compliant with cellular industry standards and specifications. The telecom
call was the world's first such test.

"It marks a milestone with our ecosystem partners on the path to 5G
commercialization, building on our years of research and standardization," said
Fredrik Jejdling, executive vice-president and head of business area networks
for Ericsson.

The Swedish telecom equipment maker also said it will cooperate with China
Mobile to conduct a 5G field trial in Suzhou, Jiangsu province, where the
demonstration system will be deployed and tested.

Such intensive participation of global 5G players in China's telecom field would
benefit local players and their Chinese partnerships as well.

Huang Yuhong, deputy general manager of the CMRI, said: "The 5G call was an
important milestone for the commercialization of 5G standards and will lay a
solid foundation for China Mobile in our large-scale 5G trial, enabling the
success of the global 5G industry."

Intel has teamed up with Huawei Technologies Co Ltd, a major telecom equipment
maker, to play a key role in China's 5G trials.

Wu Geng, a chief technologist for wireless standards at Intel, said 5G is of
paramount importance to Intel because it will usher in a new era of increasingly
integrated computing and telecom platforms.

US chipmaker Qualcomm Inc also announced earlier this year a partnership with
Chinese smartphone maker Oppo. The two firms aim to cooperate for more 5G
solutions.

In a first for Chinese smartphone makers, Oppo successfully connected 5G signals
and data links using a pre-commercial stage 5G smartphone developed on the basis
of its Oppo R15 model.

The handset is enabled by the Qualcomm Inc's Snapdragon X50 5G modem. The test
validated crucial technologies that can be used to accelerate the development of
5G smartphones.

"Qualcomm has helped drive the development of China's wireless communications
network from 2G, 3G to 4G and now to 5G," said Frank Meng, chairman of Qualcomm
China.

He also said China is an important market for Qualcomm and the company will
continue to beef up its partnerships and relations with other stakeholders in
the country.

chengyu@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 11/08/2018 page19)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/8/154163808653.jpg

f04da2db11221d4dc33c44.jpg


                             560 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 8, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Technology to help build new cyberspace

BYLINE: Zhang Yangfei and Cao Yin in Wuzhen, Zhejiang

BODY:

Technology will continue to be a driving force for global development, industry
experts said at the Fifth World Internet Conference in Wuzhen, Zhejiang
province, on Wednesday.

Experts call for sustained, increased investments and support for sector

Technology will continue to be a driving force for global development, industry
experts said at the Fifth World Internet Conference in Wuzhen, Zhejiang
province, on Wednesday.

Shahzad Gul Aryobee, minister of communications and information technology of
Afghanistan, said: "Technology has a major role to play in every aspect of our
life. It is also key for economic growth. Governments must invest in its growth
and make it an integral part of their agenda."

The minister said that technology has brought remarkable changes to his
country's businesses, medical activities and telecommunications. He said
Afghanistan has made great efforts in developing its telecommunication
infrastructure over the past 15 years, to help its residents receive education
and live better lives.

Visitors check out Baidu's image recognition technology at the Fifth World
Internet Conference in Wuzhen, Zhejiang province, on Wednesday. Zhu Xingxin /
China Daily

Unlike the insufficient telecommunication infrastructure of 15 years ago, the
country now has built more than 5,000 kilometers of optical fibers, "and is
planning to build more in the following years", he said.

Thanks to these efforts, about 80 percent of the residents in the country can
use mobile phones and enjoy related services, the minister said.

The minister also lauded the Chinese government's support for establishing a
digital corridor to improve regional technology connections.

At the same time, technology has helped boost the efficiency of government
departments in Afghanistan. For example, the government has issued electronic
identity cards as well as simplified the identity process of residents. The
country is also planning to further boost telecommunication technologies, hoping
to cover more areas, such as schools and hospitals, he said.

Petru Bogdan Cojocaru, minister of communications and information society of
Romania, said about 30 percent of the country's GDP comes from technological
industries.

Although Romania has witnessed and got benefits from the technology
developments, it should do better in more aspects, such as infrastructure, he
said.

The minister said the country would like to cooperate with other nations with an
open mind and also further study some intelligent projects in accordance with
market demands.

Sun Pishu, chairman and CEO of Inspur Group, said the core of technology
development is computing. He said it is also one of the main propellers of
today's social change and digital economy, which is highly consistent with GDP
growth.

He said computing has become the major power to drive the transformation of the
IT industry, especially with the emergence of cloud computing, big data,
blockchain and artificial intelligence.

"Technologies like smartphones, cloud computing and social networks have
completely changed our lives in a quiet but far-reaching way," said Harry Shum,
executive vice-president of Microsoft.

He said that artificial intelligence will be the main technology trend that many
companies and entrepreneurs get a grip on, but its impact on ethics, law and the
society should also be worth noticing.

"What we can be sure about is that AI will bring unprecedented breakthroughs to
all aspects including healthcare, agricultural production, education and
transportation, and these breakthroughs are happening rapidly."

He said the questions left unanswered about AI include "how to ensure that AI
treats everyone equally? How to ensure that AI is safe and reliable to its
utmost extent? How to enjoy its benefits while protecting privacy? How we can
maintain machines as they become smarter and more powerful?"

To raise the social awareness of AI technology, Microsoft has put forward six
principles which are fairness, reliability and security, privacy protection,
inclusiveness, transparency and responsibility, which it believes can provide
guidelines for ethical AI development. They have also established an ethics
committee consisting of developers, researchers, legal affairs and human
resource experts to draft plans in managing and developing AI products.

Shum also called upon all governments and enterprises to come together and share
resources and experiences to promote innovation with a sense of responsibility.

It is noticeable that AI has gripped the cutting-edge technologies in China and
worldwide. Among 15 world leading internet scientific achievements released at
the conference, at least seven have integrated AI.

These achievements using increasingly smarter machines have covered a wide range
of areas, providing services for industry, including smart supply chain and
computer processors, and individual's lives, such as unmanned vehicles and smart
homes.

China's e-commerce giants have incorporated AI into their services to improve
their consumers' experiences as online retail sales have soared in recent years.

For example, the Smart Supply Chain Technology Service Platform developed by JD,
one of China's largest online retailers, helps to enhance the efficiency of the
supply chain, including inventory management, commodity selection, sales
planning, pricing, demand forecasting and order fulfillment by rapidly digesting
digital data via cloud computing and data analysis.

Alibaba Group has launched a supET industrial internet platform which supports
the management of industrial internet of things services and app operations, as
well as data analysis and application.

Electronics companies like Xiaomi and Huawei have made their digital devices
smarter. The MI AI Speaker, launched by Xiaomi last July, can be connected with
home software such as the TV and stereo and can correspond with more than 115
million IoT intelligent devices.

The Ascend 310, a program AI processor developed by Huawei, and AI Platform
Zhouyi which was independently developed by Arm China, also made breakthroughs
in enlarging computing capacity and gives new solutions for future AI
applications including safe city, self-driving, smart manufacturing and robots.

Other AI-related achievements include 360 Security Brain, Tesla Smart customer
service and Amazon Sagemaker, a platform that helps cut down the complexity of
machine training and enables developers to quickly build, train and deploy
machine models at any scale.

Contact the writers at zhangyangfei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 11/08/2018 page14)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/94/154163809061.jpg

f04da2db11221d4dc0ca1a.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/50/154163809098.jpg

f04da2db11221d4dc0e11b.jpg


                             561 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 8, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: The keys to unlocking potential of new tech

BODY:

Bai Yunfeng, president of TAL Education Group, a leading education and
technology company, Li Tao, founder and CEO of APUS, a tech company focusing on
mobile internet and Zhao Ming, president of Honor, a popular smartphone brand
owned by Huawei Technologies, cast their eyes over the ongoing internet-themed
conference and share their insights, views and expectations.

Editor's Note: The Fifth World Internet Conference, also known as the Wuzhen
Summit, commenced on Wednesday in the historic town in Zhejiang province. In the
runup to the event, China Daily reporters Cheng Yu and Ma Si asked senior
executives from three leading Chinese internet-based companies their thoughts
and predictions on the future development of the internet economy in China.

Bai Yunfeng, president of TAL Education Group, a leading education and
technology company, Li Tao, founder and CEO of APUS, a tech company focusing on
mobile internet and Zhao Ming, president of Honor, a popular smartphone brand
owned by Huawei Technologies, cast their eyes over the ongoing internet-themed
conference and share their insights, views and expectations.

Q1: Chinese tech companies have stepped up their efforts to master key
technologies with self-owned intellectual property despite the lingering trade
frictions between China and the United States. What sectors or cutting-edge
technologies will the country achieve breakthroughs in or add new perspectives
to in the next few years?

Q2: How can Chinese companies leverage the internet and innovation to help
further the country's economic transformation?

Q3: From your perspective, what are the characteristics of a powerful internet
nation? What do you think are the advantages and challenges for China as it
strives to be a formidable internet nation?

Q4: In the past year, what changes in the internet or technology sector do you
think have the ability to influence our future or the future of the industry?
What do you think are the reasons for these changes?

Q5: In the next few years, which sector do you think will most likely become a
disruptor in the internet or technology space? In other words, what do you think
will be the next hotspot or major trend?

A1 China plays an essential role in promoting the development of the internet
worldwide in terms of globalization, cross-border communication and
connectivity, as well as cyber security. China will become a global focus for
both internet technology innovations and the application of internet products.

Breakthroughs will happen as a result of the continuous collision and fusion of
future-oriented technological innovations with new business models based on the
internet. The overall trend will focus on key sectors relating to people's daily
life, including medical care and education.

Take education for example, we can separate teaching and educating with the "AI
+ education" model.

Technology can empower the traditional teaching approach and free teachers from
onerous work so that they can focus more on building the character of their
students. Studies in brain science can also make learning more efficient and
effective. Big data that reflects how the students study can make personalized
education on a large scale a reality.

A2 In recent years, China has made remarkable economic achievements. But at the
same time, it also needs to make structural adjustments to transform and upgrade
its economy.

A country's economic strength is underpinned by the high educational level of
its people. IT development and tech innovation based on the internet can play a
powerful role in education and also in poverty alleviation.

As an educational tech company with a strong sense of social responsibility, TAL
is not only committed to meeting the increasingly diversified needs of society,
parents and students for quality educational resources, but also actively
leveraging the advantages of the internet in promoting education equality and
inclusiveness.

We have conducted IT application cooperation projects with local governments in
different provinces, with an aim to provide quality education resources to
underdeveloped regions so as to help poverty alleviation and contribute to the
economic transformation and upgrading of China.

A3 A strong and confident internet nation should not only have a
well-established digital and IT infrastructure and competitive internet
technology research and development and innovation capabilities, but also
maintain a high IT literacy among its people nationwide.

China has been strengthening its fundamental IT development for more than 10
years. By keeping abreast of the international IT frontiers, China has set an
example by establishing a powerful internet system and narrowing the digital
divide.

At present, China has nearly 800 million netizens; 96 percent of the villages
across the country have access to optical fiber; and the 4G mobile network for
cellphone coverage is 95 percent of the country.

The Action Plan 2.0 for IT Application in Education announced by the Ministry of
Education this year emphasized the importance and urgency of lifting the level
of IT application and IT literacy. It also underscores the priorities of future
IT and internet development.

A4 Over the past year, internet technology has shown its ability to influence
every aspect of people's lives.

First, the application of internet technology is becoming more mature. Immersive
experiences and virtual reality and augmented reality technology can bring new
interactive experiences to people.

Besides, such scenario-based experiences can also be applied to education to
make the classes more lively and interesting, so that the students can have a
closer and more direct experience of multimedia learning and have better
learning results.

Combining digital technologies with education will lead to "online teaching".
The "Double Teacher Class" presented by TAL divides learning tasks based on such
online broadcast technology. The "main teacher" is responsible for the learning
part, through the means of online teaching; the "tutor" focuses on the
practicing part and helps ensure that the students get good learning results.

A5 In this new era, the internet, cloud computing, big data and other
information technologies are on the fast track of innovation and development. I
think the industrial focus will be on self-adaptive learning products and
services based on brain science.

At present, the integration of self-adaptive learning with big data and
artificial intelligence is already quite popular but still needs to be improved.
TAL keeps increasing its input in R&D in this field.

Through science-based analysis of and research on the learning process, we try
to decipher the mystery of learning bottlenecks and make learning more
effective.

In the future, measuring equipment based on brain science will be as convenient
and popular as the mobile phone and other digital devices that we use today. I
believe data-driven and user-experience-oriented products and services will
stand out and lead the direction of future internet technology development, and
make future life and learning smarter and better.

A1 Wireless communication is the bedrock of an information society and has a
vital role in the national economy, while artificial intelligence is seen as a
revolutionary yet basic technology that will widely permeate industries.

5G and AI technologies in emerging industries have been included in China's 13th
Five-Year Plan (2016-20). Huawei started 5G research in 2009 and Honor, a
popular cellphone brand under Huawei, launched its first AI-fitted smartphone in
2016.

However, technological innovation is like an endless marathon race - endurance
and sustainability prevail over speed. With the explosive emergence of 5G- and
AI-featured achievements, China is entering a promising transformation period
from Made in China into Created in China and Originating in China.

A2 The Chinese economy experienced a surge since the country's reform and
opening-up. The digital economy, as a national strategy, serves as an engine to
drive economic growth and industrial transformation.

Specifically, the e-commerce smartphone model that is asset-light with high
efficiency is consistent with the global trend of the digital economy. Honor has
stepped up the pace of economic growth and transformation in the following three
aspects:

For our business model, we have a decentralized and an asset-light business
model, and seek to reshape consumption scenarios and advance a globalized
vertical e-business.

For our cutting-edge technology, we are committed to applying cutting-edge
technology to consumable goods.

The technological revolution guides economic development and combines hardware
and software together, such as AI chips and cellphones, graphics processing unit
turbo technology and 5G solutions, to optimize more products to adapt to the
digital economy.

For our service experience: We target digital natives. The internet functions
both as a sales channel and a communication platform. The digital technology
helps build a user feedback cycle to upgrade the user experience.

A3 A powerful internet nation is a nation with strong technological strength,
the capability to defend itself from a cyber attack, has a strong cyber economy
and strict cyber governance.

On top of that, it must have high-speed internet access and good internet
penetration, diverse applications for individual users, in-depth application for
corporations and efficient application for the government.

Under the guidance of the Internet Plus strategy, we need to incorporate new
technologies such as big data and AI to advance manufacturing and other vertical
sectors, thereby realizing the goal of "Made in China 2025".

As a leading high-tech e-brand in China, Honor is committed to exploring
cutting-edge technology and making it available to the public, so as to elevate
Honor products' performance and greatly optimize the user experience.

A4 The emergence and evolvement of new technologies and models, such as
blockchain, AI, AR and autonomous driving, epitomize the tech trends of the past
year.

A good case in point is AI. 2018 was the starting year of AI, which was in place
prior to 5G and will be the accelerator of 5G. Thanks to rapid technological
advancement and favorable government policies, "AI+ all industry" is expected to
develop in full swing next year.

Six years ago, Huawei already spearheaded the AI domain and then introduced its
first AI-based cellphone Honor Magic to display its strength in AI systems.

A5 The internet of things and new retail will deeply permeate into internet
technology and the real economy. As consumption upgrading evolves deeper, IoT,
an expansion of the internet, will be the target of giant players worldwide.

This year, Honor has put forward its New Retail 3.0 strategy based on the Huawei
HiLink protocol, which advocates a manufacturer-retailer co-construction
pattern. This sales revolution deeply integrates retailer stores, Honor IoT
products and Honor online-to-offline platforms together.

In addition, 5G and AI are also key battlefields to fight for. 5G features high
speed, short delay and broad linkage. AI and 5G are propelling one another, and
they are expected to explode into full swing next year.

A1 AI, big data and the cloud.

Both China and the United States are internet giants. The US is recognized as
the most powerful nation now, but China has the advantage of a massive internet
user base as well as a rapid growth rate.

These users generate masses of data through their behavior and preferences in
various competitive business application scenarios.

After data cleaning and processing, the huge "data base" gives us a big
advantage in research and application with the help of cutting-edge technologies
such as AI. The data also stimulates and accelerates the development of cloud
storage and services.

We have deployed APUS Cloud, a Chinese cloud platform based on global
architecture. It adopts multiple technologies to decrease the complexity of
construction, deployment, operation and maintenance in the software delivery
process. It can effectively reduce the operating costs while ensuring data
security, which provides strong support for Chinese enterprises exploring
overseas markets.

A2 An enterprise should integrate the internet and technologies with all the
potential platforms including e-commerce platforms, social media and self-owned
media to form its own ecosystem.

For APUS, we are trying to build a comprehensive ecosystem, starting from a
traffic entrance platform through the user system, supporting and cultivating
global partners in many fields including music, games, news, video, e-commerce
and O2O by way of business cooperation and investment.

We are devoted to helping partners better develop the overseas market and build
a more complete ecosystem. In order to support this ecosystem, APUS has deployed
AI, a big data platform and APUS Cloud to help improve efficiency.

A3 Infrastructure serves as the basis of the internet. For a powerful internet
nation, the infrastructure should be strong enough to support the development of
the internet industry.

A powerful internet nation should positively embrace innovation and have leading
research and development strength globally.

In a mature internet industry, the scenario applications are significant for
driving the market to emerge and expand. With an energetic market, data will be
generated and technologies will be updated, eventually boosting innovation and
development.

With its large user base, China has strong advantages in data and application
scenarios. With the support of State policies, Chinese enterprises are
encouraged to research and deploy cutting-edge technologies.

A4 Big data and AI have great potential to influence the future of industry.

For instance, APUS has deployed big data and AI in our platform and analyzed
more than 7,000 data points to create user profiles based on a plurality of
dimensions such as nationality, equipment, age and habit, to deliver digital
solutions based on user preference.

Through this, we can deliver recommendations and more personalized experience to
each of our 1.2 billion users.

In short, the devices and applications will "know" users better.

A5 Data protection and privacy.

In May, the European Uion General Data Protection Regulation came into effect,
officially putting forward the significance of user privacy.

Data protection and privacy are an incontrovertible trend in the international
community and the implementation of GDPR is merely a start.

When developing new business or deploying new technologies including big data
and AI, we should take user privacy into account from the start when designing
products.

Based on our nature as an international company, we have been placing high
importance on data privacy ever since the establishment of APUS.

Visitors to the Light of the Internet Expo, part of the ongoing World Internet
Conference, try a wearable musical device using virtual reality technology. Zhu
Xingxin / China Daily

(China Daily 11/08/2018 page16)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/17/154163809899.jpg

f04da2db11221d4dc21436.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/12/154163809940.jpg

f04da2db11221d4dc21e37.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/71/154163809975.jpg

f04da2db11221d4dc22938.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/32/154163810010.jpg

f04da2db11221d4dc23139.jpg


                             562 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 8, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: What they say

BODY:

"Technology is a core force in the development of countries and in spurring
competition. I was glad to witness the release of the latest leading scientific
and technological achievements. I was particularly impressed by the Ascend 310,
developed by Huawei Technologies Co, as it could be a pivotal breakthrough in
China's chip research. Digitalization, or high-tech, in fact, is changing or
will change our lifestyles, which is its biggest contribution. But technology
providers or internet enterprises should be prospective when promoting their
products or services, because we expect them to not only bring convenience to
our daily lives, but also safeguard us from cyber threats."

Xie Maosong, a senior researcher with the China Institute for Innovation and
Development Strategy

"The Proprietary Financial-Grade Blockchain Platform of Ant Financial, designed
by Ant Financial Services Group, was impressive. China is way ahead in finance
and other services. The payment systems are so far ahead of others and then you
can have other services on top of that, for example recommendation services of
all kinds. That as a kind of commodity platform is growing rapidly and can be
used all over the world. It was also interesting to see blockchain technologies
being used in real applications."

Michael Irwin Jordan, a scientist from the United States and a professor at the
University of California, Berkeley.

"Technological changes and innovation has been maintaining strong momentum,
while cyber threats are becoming more and more sophisticated and are springing
up one after another, ranging from personal information and privacy leaks to
infringement of intellectual property, from cyber crimes and cyber terrorism to
various sophisticated cyberattacks. China has been making efforts in the past
years for cybersecurity. The 360 Brain of security, a cybersecurity protection
system released at the conference, is a good example of adopting new
technologies such as artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing and
block chain to achieve the goal."

Shen Yi, director of the Cyberspace Governance Research Center at Fudan
University

China Daily

(China Daily 11/08/2018 page14)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/28/154163810167.jpg

f04da2db11221d4dc1121f.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/82/154163810208.jpg

f04da2db11221d4dc11620.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/33/154163810244.jpg

f04da2db11221d4dc11a21.jpg


                             563 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 8, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: President: Internet cooperation essential

BYLINE: Ma Si, Ma Zhenhuan and Liu Yukun in Wuzhen, Zhejiang

BODY:

President Xi Jinping called for concrete cooperation among countries to advance
mutual trust and collective governance in cyberspace in his congratulatory
letter to the three-day Fifth World Internet Conference, which kicked off in
Wuzhen, Zhejiang province, on Wednesday.

The world is going through a broader and deeper science and technology
revolution and industrial transformation, Xi said in the letter.

Despite different conditions and challenges, countries across the world share
the need to promote the digital economy, interest in handling the challenges of
cybersecurity and the demand for better governance in cyberspace, Xi said.

More efforts are needed to speed up development of the digital economy and
promote the global internet governance system to advance in a more equitable and
reasonable way, so as to inject new impetus into the world economy, Xi added.

The remarks came as the world's internet expansion is on a fast track, with the
global internet penetration rate hitting 54.4 percent. The figure for China was
57.7 percent as of June 2018.

Huang Kunming, a member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China
Central Committee, said such figures mark substantial progress, but it also
indicates that nearly half of the global population still does not have access
to the internet.

"We need to beef up construction of network infrastructure and narrow the
digital divide between different countries and regions," said Huang, who is also
head of the Publicity Department of the CPC Central Committee.

As artificial intelligence, quantum computing and other cutting-edge
technologies are gathering momentum and becoming increasingly intertwined with
other sectors, it is important to support small and medium-sized enterprises to
maintain the vitality of the digital economy, Huang said.

Pony Ma, chairman and CEO of Chinese internet giant Tencent Holdings, said that
in China, over 98 percent of the more than 800 million netizens are accessing
the internet through mobile devices, which is an opportunity for both Chinese
and foreign enterprises. "It is our responsibility to create a digital world of
mutual trust and collective governance. In the face of challenges, we are not
competitors but teammates," he added.

The global digital economy is expected to hit $23 trillion in 2025, according to
a report released by Chinese tech company Huawei Technologies Co.

Noting that the internet has revolutionized the production, distribution and
consumption of many products and services, Francis Gurry, director general of
the World Intellectual Property Organization, said the world also needs to
better address challenges that can come with a thriving digital ecosystem.

Robert Lawrence Kuhn, chairman of the Kuhn Foundation, an organization dedicated
to promotion of social and cultural exchanges between China and the United
States, said Xi's letter "set the tone and gave the overarching vision of really
a new world".

He said the internet needs to be made to benefit humanity, and its growth must
be sustainable, he said. There are enormous opportunities for economic
development, but there are also a whole series of challenges in terms of
cybersecurity, which requires global cooperation.

Xinhua and Cheng Yu contributed to this story.

Contact the writers at masi@chinadaily.com.cn

Huang Kunming, a member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China
Central Committee and head of the Publicity Department of the CPC Central
Committee, reads a congratulatory letter from President Xi Jinping to the Fifth
World Internet Conference in Wuzhen, Zhejiang province, on Wednesday.Chen Zebing
/ China Daily

(China Daily 11/08/2018 page1)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/94/154163810866.jpg

00221917e13e1d4db8ef08.jpg


                             564 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 8, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Policies to boost private economy

BYLINE: Zhong Nan in Shanghai

BODY:

The entrepreneurial and innovative flame will burn bright in China as the
country's top leadership pledged to continue offering private companies
assistance, such as removing the tax burden and solving financing issues, said a
top executive of one of the nation's largest retailers by revenue.

Zhang Jindong, chairman of Suning Holdings Group Ltd, said with the deepening of
China's reform and opening-up policy, private companies have the confidence and
capability to create more economic and social value, as well as to support the
country's ongoing consumption and industrial upgrading.

His comments came after President Xi Jinping, at a meeting on Nov 1, called for
providing more support for the non-public sector, including building a fairer
competitive environment and safeguarding private enterprises and their wealth.

An employee operates an automatic sorting system in a warehouse of Suning
Holdings Group Ltd in Nanjing, Jiangsu province. Photos Provided to China Daily

Xi said the government will unswervingly encourage, support and guide the
development of the non-public sector and support private enterprises to move
toward a broader stage.

"Over the next three years, we will open 20,000 new smart retail stores, expand
the service based on the customer-to-business model, collaborate with more
manufacturers to develop intelligent manufacturing, and set up
poverty-alleviation training workshops in 100 counties," said Zhang.

Suning will also deploy more resources to expand cross-border e-commerce and
start a large-scale overseas procurement program, he said.

The Nanjing, Jiangsu province-headquartered group saw its online and offline
sales jump 42 percent year-on-year in the first three quarters of this year,
thanks to consumers' diversified demand in both the domestic and global markets.

The company ranked second among the top 500 non-State owned enterprises in China
with revenue of 557.9 billion yuan ($80.5 billion) in 2017, after Huawei
Technologies Co, according to data released by the All-China Federation of
Industry and Commerce in late August.

Eager to enhance its earning ability, Suning brought a number of its products,
from logistics robots and big data service solutions to Australian milk tea and
fruit, to the ongoing first China International Import Expo in Shanghai.

During the CIIE, it plans to import at least 5,000 kinds of products and
services that have not been sold in the domestic market, and import $17.24
billion worth of imported goods from global markets. Zhang said the group will
not only develop smart retail systems throughout China in the coming years, but
also plans to expand its presence in areas such as logistics, finance, sport,
culture and investment to further diversify its development.

With new measures to support the private sector, more favorable policies are
expected be rolled out soon. The difficulties faced by private companies are
just a natural part of development, and will gradually be solved with effective
solutions, an expert said.

"As private companies and entrepreneurs are once again reassured by the central
authorities, their potential will be unleashed more as China's economic strength
is further improved," said Li Gang, vice-president of the Chinese Academy of
International Trade and Economic Cooperation.

zhongnan@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 11/08/2018 page21)


                             565 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 8, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Technology to help build new cyberspace

BYLINE: Zhang Yangfei and Cao Yin in Wuzhen, Zhejiang

BODY:

Technology will continue to be a driving force for global development, industry
experts said at the Fifth World Internet Conference in Wuzhen, Zhejiang
province, on Wednesday.

Experts call for sustained, increased investments and support for sector

Technology will continue to be a driving force for global development, industry
experts said at the Fifth World Internet Conference in Wuzhen, Zhejiang
province, on Wednesday.

Shahzad Gul Aryobee, minister of communications and information technology of
Afghanistan, said: "Technology has a major role to play in every aspect of our
life. It is also key for economic growth. Governments must invest in its growth
and make it an integral part of their agenda."

The minister said that technology has brought remarkable changes to his
country's businesses, medical activities and telecommunications. He said
Afghanistan has made great efforts in developing its telecommunication
infrastructure over the past 15 years, to help its residents receive education
and live better lives.

Visitors check out Baidu's image recognition technology at the Fifth World
Internet Conference in Wuzhen, Zhejiang province, on Wednesday. Zhu Xingxin /
China Daily

Unlike the insufficient telecommunication infrastructure of 15 years ago, the
country now has built more than 5,000 kilometers of optical fibers, "and is
planning to build more in the following years", he said.

Thanks to these efforts, about 80 percent of the residents in the country can
use mobile phones and enjoy related services, the minister said.

The minister also lauded the Chinese government's support for establishing a
digital corridor to improve regional technology connections.

At the same time, technology has helped boost the efficiency of government
departments in Afghanistan. For example, the government has issued electronic
identity cards as well as simplified the identity process of residents. The
country is also planning to further boost telecommunication technologies, hoping
to cover more areas, such as schools and hospitals, he said.

Petru Bogdan Cojocaru, minister of communications and information society of
Romania, said about 30 percent of the country's GDP comes from technological
industries.

Although Romania has witnessed and got benefits from the technology
developments, it should do better in more aspects, such as infrastructure, he
said.

The minister said the country would like to cooperate with other nations with an
open mind and also further study some intelligent projects in accordance with
market demands.

Sun Pishu, chairman and CEO of Inspur Group, said the core of technology
development is computing. He said it is also one of the main propellers of
today's social change and digital economy, which is highly consistent with GDP
growth.

He said computing has become the major power to drive the transformation of the
IT industry, especially with the emergence of cloud computing, big data,
blockchain and artificial intelligence.

"Technologies like smartphones, cloud computing and social networks have
completely changed our lives in a quiet but far-reaching way," said Harry Shum,
executive vice-president of Microsoft.

He said that artificial intelligence will be the main technology trend that many
companies and entrepreneurs get a grip on, but its impact on ethics, law and the
society should also be worth noticing.

"What we can be sure about is that AI will bring unprecedented breakthroughs to
all aspects including healthcare, agricultural production, education and
transportation, and these breakthroughs are happening rapidly."

He said the questions left unanswered about AI include "how to ensure that AI
treats everyone equally? How to ensure that AI is safe and reliable to its
utmost extent? How to enjoy its benefits while protecting privacy? How we can
maintain machines as they become smarter and more powerful?"

To raise the social awareness of AI technology, Microsoft has put forward six
principles which are fairness, reliability and security, privacy protection,
inclusiveness, transparency and responsibility, which it believes can provide
guidelines for ethical AI development. They have also established an ethics
committee consisting of developers, researchers, legal affairs and human
resource experts to draft plans in managing and developing AI products.

Shum also called upon all governments and enterprises to come together and share
resources and experiences to promote innovation with a sense of responsibility.

It is noticeable that AI has gripped the cutting-edge technologies in China and
worldwide. Among 15 world leading internet scientific achievements released at
the conference, at least seven have integrated AI.

These achievements using increasingly smarter machines have covered a wide range
of areas, providing services for industry, including smart supply chain and
computer processors, and individual's lives, such as unmanned vehicles and smart
homes.

China's e-commerce giants have incorporated AI into their services to improve
their consumers' experiences as online retail sales have soared in recent years.

For example, the Smart Supply Chain Technology Service Platform developed by JD,
one of China's largest online retailers, helps to enhance the efficiency of the
supply chain, including inventory management, commodity selection, sales
planning, pricing, demand forecasting and order fulfillment by rapidly digesting
digital data via cloud computing and data analysis.

Alibaba Group has launched a supET industrial internet platform which supports
the management of industrial internet of things services and app operations, as
well as data analysis and application.

Electronics companies like Xiaomi and Huawei have made their digital devices
smarter. The MI AI Speaker, launched by Xiaomi last July, can be connected with
home software such as the TV and stereo and can correspond with more than 115
million IoT intelligent devices.

The Ascend 310, a program AI processor developed by Huawei, and AI Platform
Zhouyi which was independently developed by Arm China, also made breakthroughs
in enlarging computing capacity and gives new solutions for future AI
applications including safe city, self-driving, smart manufacturing and robots.

Other AI-related achievements include 360 Security Brain, Tesla Smart customer
service and Amazon Sagemaker, a platform that helps cut down the complexity of
machine training and enables developers to quickly build, train and deploy
machine models at any scale.

Contact the writers at zhangyangfei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 11/08/2018 page14)


                             566 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 8, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: The keys to unlocking potential of new tech

BODY:

Bai Yunfeng, president of TAL Education Group, a leading education and
technology company, Li Tao, founder and CEO of APUS, a tech company focusing on
mobile internet and Zhao Ming, president of Honor, a popular smartphone brand
owned by Huawei Technologies, cast their eyes over the ongoing internet-themed
conference and share their insights, views and expectations.

Editor's Note: The Fifth World Internet Conference, also known as the Wuzhen
Summit, commenced on Wednesday in the historic town in Zhejiang province. In the
runup to the event, China Daily reporters Cheng Yu and Ma Si asked senior
executives from three leading Chinese internet-based companies their thoughts
and predictions on the future development of the internet economy in China.

Bai Yunfeng, president of TAL Education Group, a leading education and
technology company, Li Tao, founder and CEO of APUS, a tech company focusing on
mobile internet and Zhao Ming, president of Honor, a popular smartphone brand
owned by Huawei Technologies, cast their eyes over the ongoing internet-themed
conference and share their insights, views and expectations.

Q1: Chinese tech companies have stepped up their efforts to master key
technologies with self-owned intellectual property despite the lingering trade
frictions between China and the United States. What sectors or cutting-edge
technologies will the country achieve breakthroughs in or add new perspectives
to in the next few years?

Q2: How can Chinese companies leverage the internet and innovation to help
further the country's economic transformation?

Q3: From your perspective, what are the characteristics of a powerful internet
nation? What do you think are the advantages and challenges for China as it
strives to be a formidable internet nation?

Q4: In the past year, what changes in the internet or technology sector do you
think have the ability to influence our future or the future of the industry?
What do you think are the reasons for these changes?

Q5: In the next few years, which sector do you think will most likely become a
disruptor in the internet or technology space? In other words, what do you think
will be the next hotspot or major trend?

A1 China plays an essential role in promoting the development of the internet
worldwide in terms of globalization, cross-border communication and
connectivity, as well as cyber security. China will become a global focus for
both internet technology innovations and the application of internet products.

Breakthroughs will happen as a result of the continuous collision and fusion of
future-oriented technological innovations with new business models based on the
internet. The overall trend will focus on key sectors relating to people's daily
life, including medical care and education.

Take education for example, we can separate teaching and educating with the "AI
+ education" model.

Technology can empower the traditional teaching approach and free teachers from
onerous work so that they can focus more on building the character of their
students. Studies in brain science can also make learning more efficient and
effective. Big data that reflects how the students study can make personalized
education on a large scale a reality.

A2 In recent years, China has made remarkable economic achievements. But at the
same time, it also needs to make structural adjustments to transform and upgrade
its economy.

A country's economic strength is underpinned by the high educational level of
its people. IT development and tech innovation based on the internet can play a
powerful role in education and also in poverty alleviation.

As an educational tech company with a strong sense of social responsibility, TAL
is not only committed to meeting the increasingly diversified needs of society,
parents and students for quality educational resources, but also actively
leveraging the advantages of the internet in promoting education equality and
inclusiveness.

We have conducted IT application cooperation projects with local governments in
different provinces, with an aim to provide quality education resources to
underdeveloped regions so as to help poverty alleviation and contribute to the
economic transformation and upgrading of China.

A3 A strong and confident internet nation should not only have a
well-established digital and IT infrastructure and competitive internet
technology research and development and innovation capabilities, but also
maintain a high IT literacy among its people nationwide.

China has been strengthening its fundamental IT development for more than 10
years. By keeping abreast of the international IT frontiers, China has set an
example by establishing a powerful internet system and narrowing the digital
divide.

At present, China has nearly 800 million netizens; 96 percent of the villages
across the country have access to optical fiber; and the 4G mobile network for
cellphone coverage is 95 percent of the country.

The Action Plan 2.0 for IT Application in Education announced by the Ministry of
Education this year emphasized the importance and urgency of lifting the level
of IT application and IT literacy. It also underscores the priorities of future
IT and internet development.

A4 Over the past year, internet technology has shown its ability to influence
every aspect of people's lives.

First, the application of internet technology is becoming more mature. Immersive
experiences and virtual reality and augmented reality technology can bring new
interactive experiences to people.

Besides, such scenario-based experiences can also be applied to education to
make the classes more lively and interesting, so that the students can have a
closer and more direct experience of multimedia learning and have better
learning results.

Combining digital technologies with education will lead to "online teaching".
The "Double Teacher Class" presented by TAL divides learning tasks based on such
online broadcast technology. The "main teacher" is responsible for the learning
part, through the means of online teaching; the "tutor" focuses on the
practicing part and helps ensure that the students get good learning results.

A5 In this new era, the internet, cloud computing, big data and other
information technologies are on the fast track of innovation and development. I
think the industrial focus will be on self-adaptive learning products and
services based on brain science.

At present, the integration of self-adaptive learning with big data and
artificial intelligence is already quite popular but still needs to be improved.
TAL keeps increasing its input in R&D in this field.

Through science-based analysis of and research on the learning process, we try
to decipher the mystery of learning bottlenecks and make learning more
effective.

In the future, measuring equipment based on brain science will be as convenient
and popular as the mobile phone and other digital devices that we use today. I
believe data-driven and user-experience-oriented products and services will
stand out and lead the direction of future internet technology development, and
make future life and learning smarter and better.

A1 Wireless communication is the bedrock of an information society and has a
vital role in the national economy, while artificial intelligence is seen as a
revolutionary yet basic technology that will widely permeate industries.

5G and AI technologies in emerging industries have been included in China's 13th
Five-Year Plan (2016-20). Huawei started 5G research in 2009 and Honor, a
popular cellphone brand under Huawei, launched its first AI-fitted smartphone in
2016.

However, technological innovation is like an endless marathon race - endurance
and sustainability prevail over speed. With the explosive emergence of 5G- and
AI-featured achievements, China is entering a promising transformation period
from Made in China into Created in China and Originating in China.

A2 The Chinese economy experienced a surge since the country's reform and
opening-up. The digital economy, as a national strategy, serves as an engine to
drive economic growth and industrial transformation.

Specifically, the e-commerce smartphone model that is asset-light with high
efficiency is consistent with the global trend of the digital economy. Honor has
stepped up the pace of economic growth and transformation in the following three
aspects:

For our business model, we have a decentralized and an asset-light business
model, and seek to reshape consumption scenarios and advance a globalized
vertical e-business.

For our cutting-edge technology, we are committed to applying cutting-edge
technology to consumable goods.

The technological revolution guides economic development and combines hardware
and software together, such as AI chips and cellphones, graphics processing unit
turbo technology and 5G solutions, to optimize more products to adapt to the
digital economy.

For our service experience: We target digital natives. The internet functions
both as a sales channel and a communication platform. The digital technology
helps build a user feedback cycle to upgrade the user experience.

A3 A powerful internet nation is a nation with strong technological strength,
the capability to defend itself from a cyber attack, has a strong cyber economy
and strict cyber governance.

On top of that, it must have high-speed internet access and good internet
penetration, diverse applications for individual users, in-depth application for
corporations and efficient application for the government.

Under the guidance of the Internet Plus strategy, we need to incorporate new
technologies such as big data and AI to advance manufacturing and other vertical
sectors, thereby realizing the goal of "Made in China 2025".

As a leading high-tech e-brand in China, Honor is committed to exploring
cutting-edge technology and making it available to the public, so as to elevate
Honor products' performance and greatly optimize the user experience.

A4 The emergence and evolvement of new technologies and models, such as
blockchain, AI, AR and autonomous driving, epitomize the tech trends of the past
year.

A good case in point is AI. 2018 was the starting year of AI, which was in place
prior to 5G and will be the accelerator of 5G. Thanks to rapid technological
advancement and favorable government policies, "AI+ all industry" is expected to
develop in full swing next year.

Six years ago, Huawei already spearheaded the AI domain and then introduced its
first AI-based cellphone Honor Magic to display its strength in AI systems.

A5 The internet of things and new retail will deeply permeate into internet
technology and the real economy. As consumption upgrading evolves deeper, IoT,
an expansion of the internet, will be the target of giant players worldwide.

This year, Honor has put forward its New Retail 3.0 strategy based on the Huawei
HiLink protocol, which advocates a manufacturer-retailer co-construction
pattern. This sales revolution deeply integrates retailer stores, Honor IoT
products and Honor online-to-offline platforms together.

In addition, 5G and AI are also key battlefields to fight for. 5G features high
speed, short delay and broad linkage. AI and 5G are propelling one another, and
they are expected to explode into full swing next year.

A1 AI, big data and the cloud.

Both China and the United States are internet giants. The US is recognized as
the most powerful nation now, but China has the advantage of a massive internet
user base as well as a rapid growth rate.

These users generate masses of data through their behavior and preferences in
various competitive business application scenarios.

After data cleaning and processing, the huge "data base" gives us a big
advantage in research and application with the help of cutting-edge technologies
such as AI. The data also stimulates and accelerates the development of cloud
storage and services.

We have deployed APUS Cloud, a Chinese cloud platform based on global
architecture. It adopts multiple technologies to decrease the complexity of
construction, deployment, operation and maintenance in the software delivery
process. It can effectively reduce the operating costs while ensuring data
security, which provides strong support for Chinese enterprises exploring
overseas markets.

A2 An enterprise should integrate the internet and technologies with all the
potential platforms including e-commerce platforms, social media and self-owned
media to form its own ecosystem.

For APUS, we are trying to build a comprehensive ecosystem, starting from a
traffic entrance platform through the user system, supporting and cultivating
global partners in many fields including music, games, news, video, e-commerce
and O2O by way of business cooperation and investment.

We are devoted to helping partners better develop the overseas market and build
a more complete ecosystem. In order to support this ecosystem, APUS has deployed
AI, a big data platform and APUS Cloud to help improve efficiency.

A3 Infrastructure serves as the basis of the internet. For a powerful internet
nation, the infrastructure should be strong enough to support the development of
the internet industry.

A powerful internet nation should positively embrace innovation and have leading
research and development strength globally.

In a mature internet industry, the scenario applications are significant for
driving the market to emerge and expand. With an energetic market, data will be
generated and technologies will be updated, eventually boosting innovation and
development.

With its large user base, China has strong advantages in data and application
scenarios. With the support of State policies, Chinese enterprises are
encouraged to research and deploy cutting-edge technologies.

A4 Big data and AI have great potential to influence the future of industry.

For instance, APUS has deployed big data and AI in our platform and analyzed
more than 7,000 data points to create user profiles based on a plurality of
dimensions such as nationality, equipment, age and habit, to deliver digital
solutions based on user preference.

Through this, we can deliver recommendations and more personalized experience to
each of our 1.2 billion users.

In short, the devices and applications will "know" users better.

A5 Data protection and privacy.

In May, the European Uion General Data Protection Regulation came into effect,
officially putting forward the significance of user privacy.

Data protection and privacy are an incontrovertible trend in the international
community and the implementation of GDPR is merely a start.

When developing new business or deploying new technologies including big data
and AI, we should take user privacy into account from the start when designing
products.

Based on our nature as an international company, we have been placing high
importance on data privacy ever since the establishment of APUS.

Visitors to the Light of the Internet Expo, part of the ongoing World Internet
Conference, try a wearable musical device using virtual reality technology. Zhu
Xingxin / China Daily

(China Daily 11/08/2018 page16)


                             567 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 8, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: What they say

BODY:

"Technology is a core force in the development of countries and in spurring
competition. I was glad to witness the release of the latest leading scientific
and technological achievements. I was particularly impressed by the Ascend 310,
developed by Huawei Technologies Co, as it could be a pivotal breakthrough in
China's chip research. Digitalization, or high-tech, in fact, is changing or
will change our lifestyles, which is its biggest contribution. But technology
providers or internet enterprises should be prospective when promoting their
products or services, because we expect them to not only bring convenience to
our daily lives, but also safeguard us from cyber threats."

Xie Maosong, a senior researcher with the China Institute for Innovation and
Development Strategy

"The Proprietary Financial-Grade Blockchain Platform of Ant Financial, designed
by Ant Financial Services Group, was impressive. China is way ahead in finance
and other services. The payment systems are so far ahead of others and then you
can have other services on top of that, for example recommendation services of
all kinds. That as a kind of commodity platform is growing rapidly and can be
used all over the world. It was also interesting to see blockchain technologies
being used in real applications."

Michael Irwin Jordan, a scientist from the United States and a professor at the
University of California, Berkeley.

"Technological changes and innovation has been maintaining strong momentum,
while cyber threats are becoming more and more sophisticated and are springing
up one after another, ranging from personal information and privacy leaks to
infringement of intellectual property, from cyber crimes and cyber terrorism to
various sophisticated cyberattacks. China has been making efforts in the past
years for cybersecurity. The 360 Brain of security, a cybersecurity protection
system released at the conference, is a good example of adopting new
technologies such as artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing and
block chain to achieve the goal."

Shen Yi, director of the Cyberspace Governance Research Center at Fudan
University

China Daily

(China Daily 11/08/2018 page14)


                             568 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 8, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Policies to boost private economy

BYLINE: Zhong Nan in Shanghai

BODY:

The entrepreneurial and innovative flame will burn bright in China as the
country's top leadership pledged to continue offering private companies
assistance, such as removing the tax burden and solving financing issues, said a
top executive of one of the nation's largest retailers by revenue.

Zhang Jindong, chairman of Suning Holdings Group Ltd, said with the deepening of
China's reform and opening-up policy, private companies have the confidence and
capability to create more economic and social value, as well as to support the
country's ongoing consumption and industrial upgrading.

His comments came after President Xi Jinping, at a meeting on Nov 1, called for
providing more support for the non-public sector, including building a fairer
competitive environment and safeguarding private enterprises and their wealth.

An employee operates an automatic sorting system in a warehouse of Suning
Holdings Group Ltd in Nanjing, Jiangsu province. Photos Provided to China Daily

Xi said the government will unswervingly encourage, support and guide the
development of the non-public sector and support private enterprises to move
toward a broader stage.

"Over the next three years, we will open 20,000 new smart retail stores, expand
the service based on the customer-to-business model, collaborate with more
manufacturers to develop intelligent manufacturing, and set up
poverty-alleviation training workshops in 100 counties," said Zhang.

Suning will also deploy more resources to expand cross-border e-commerce and
start a large-scale overseas procurement program, he said.

The Nanjing, Jiangsu province-headquartered group saw its online and offline
sales jump 42 percent year-on-year in the first three quarters of this year,
thanks to consumers' diversified demand in both the domestic and global markets.

The company ranked second among the top 500 non-State owned enterprises in China
with revenue of 557.9 billion yuan ($80.5 billion) in 2017, after Huawei
Technologies Co, according to data released by the All-China Federation of
Industry and Commerce in late August.

Eager to enhance its earning ability, Suning brought a number of its products,
from logistics robots and big data service solutions to Australian milk tea and
fruit, to the ongoing first China International Import Expo in Shanghai.

During the CIIE, it plans to import at least 5,000 kinds of products and
services that have not been sold in the domestic market, and import $17.24
billion worth of imported goods from global markets. Zhang said the group will
not only develop smart retail systems throughout China in the coming years, but
also plans to expand its presence in areas such as logistics, finance, sport,
culture and investment to further diversify its development.

With new measures to support the private sector, more favorable policies are
expected be rolled out soon. The difficulties faced by private companies are
just a natural part of development, and will gradually be solved with effective
solutions, an expert said.

"As private companies and entrepreneurs are once again reassured by the central
authorities, their potential will be unleashed more as China's economic strength
is further improved," said Li Gang, vice-president of the Chinese Academy of
International Trade and Economic Cooperation.

zhongnan@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 11/08/2018 page21)


                             569 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 8, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Chinese carriers wrest 5G lead

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Chinese telecom companies are seeking to maintain their lead in the global race
for 5G commercialization.

Editor's Note: On Friday, the ongoing Fifth World Internet Conference in Wuzhen,
Zhejiang province, will hold a forum on "5G Era: Opening and Cooperation for a
Better Future". In the run-up to the key event, in interviews with China Daily,
industry luminaries recalled how China's sustained R&D efforts have helped the
nation maintain its pioneering role in evolving 5G mobile communication
technology, related standards and the licensing phase.

Intensified research and development activities, industry partnerships mark the
push toward 2020 commercial rollout

Chinese telecom companies are seeking to maintain their lead in the global race
for 5G commercialization.

They are stepping up research and development of the fifth-generation mobile
communication technology, which is said to be at least 10 times faster than 4G
services.

They are also deepening partnerships with various industries to roll out
commercial services sooner than later, industry insiders said.

For instance, China Mobile Communications Corp, the world's largest telecom
carrier with more than 910 million mobile subscribers, is planning to combine 5G
with artificial intelligence and cloud technology for an ultramodern network
that is slated for a 2020 rollout.

The company has played a significant role in the finalization of the first phase
of global 5G standards, which kicked off the head stretch toward commercial 5G
services.

Shang Bing, chairman of China Mobile, said: "We will focus on the standalone 5G
network structure, push forward the cloud deployment of the superfast technology
and build an intelligent network by boosting the operational efficiency with
AI."

According to him, the company will establish a 5G innovation fund to promote the
development and maturity of full-fledged industrial applications of 5G.

The senior executive did not elaborate on the specific investment size of the
fund. But he said the Beijing-based company is vigorously conducting 5G trials
in several cities and will start pre-commercial use of 5G in 2019 before the
planned commercial launch in 2020.

The new technology will enable superfast downloads of "heavy" files like movies,
self-driving cars and streaming of virtual reality games.

"Telecom operators must accelerate the transformation toward smart networks,
lean management and platform services, so as to prepare for the 5G era," Shang
said.

China is expected to have 576 million 5G users by 2025, or over 40 percent of
global consumption, according to a report released by global consultancy EY
earlier this month.

The report, titled China is Poised to Win the 5G Race, estimated that the
nation's 5G capital expenditure is expected to hit 1.5 trillion yuan ($223
billion) between 2019 and 2025.

Proactive government support and big-ticket investments have helped shape a
self-sustainable 5G environment in China, it added.

With the global unified standard set to be finalized in the next year or so,
China is likely to advance its target for the commercial launch of 5G
connections to 2019, to potentially become one of the first 5G-ready markets in
the world, EY forecast.

Besides China Mobile, smaller telecom carriers including China
Telecommunications Corp and China United Network Communications Group Co Ltd are
moving fast to upgrade their networks. China Telecom said it will conduct scale
trials of 5G applications in 17 cities.

The State-owned company will also set up 5G innovation centers to accelerate
R&D. "Cross-industry cooperation is needed to speed up the maturity of 5G. China
Telecom will step up efforts to push forward such collaboration," Yang Jie,
chairman of China Telecom, said. "We aim to launch commercial 5G services in
2020."

At an expo jointly held by China Telecom and the US chip giant Qualcomm Inc in
Guangzhou, capital of Guangdong province, in September, the telecom carrier
launched an action plan called Hello 5G to promote an ecosystem where companies
from diverse sectors can join hands for growth.

Similarly, China Unicom said it will start 5G testing this year,
precommercialize 5G in 2019 and finally achieve large-scale commercialization in
2020.

Ma Hongbing, general manager of operations and maintenance at China Unicom, said
16 cities, including Beijing, Xiongan, Shenyang and Qingdao, will see
large-scale 5G testing this year.

All these efforts follow the rollout of favorable policies by the Ministry of
Industry and Information Technology, China's regulator, which is seeking to
expedite the development of 5G.

Wang Zhiqin, head of a 5G promotion group under the MIIT, said the second half
of 2019 could well be the earliest that China may issue 5G licenses.

"We will be among the first batch of countries to issue 5G licenses in the
world, most likely between the second half of 2019 and the first half of 2020,"
said Wang, who is also the vice-president of the China Academy of Information
and Communications Technology, a government think tank affiliated to the MIIT.

In the past, China lagged other countries in issuing 4G and 3G licenses. But in
5G, the nation has already played an important role in finalizing the global
standards and raced ahead in R&D.

"Frequency bands are likely to be distributed to telecom carriers before the end
of this year, which will accelerate the construction of 5G networks," Wang said.

According to her, medium-frequency bands will be used for 5G networks in the
country; and two of the country's three big telecom carriers, namely China
Mobile and China Telecom, preferred to build standalone 5G networks from the
very beginning, in contrast to the United States and South Korea where companies
are building non-standalone 5G networks.

Non-standalone 5G deployment offers a way for companies to set up 5G stations by
partially relying on the existing 4G network infrastructure while standalone
architecture would require completely new structures.

"The cost of building a 5G base station will be at least 1.5 times that of a 4G
base station, which will put pressure on telecom carriers," Wang said. "But the
trend to innovate and apply 5G in a wide range of industries will motivate them
to move fast."

Agreed Steve Lo, managing partner of EY's technology, media and
telecommunications division for the region. "Proactive government support and
investments in capital goods have helped shape a self-sustainable 5G environment
in China," Lo said.

"China is determined to make 5G a top priority on its national agenda, striving
to take a leadership role in the global landscape. It is also pressing for
participation in the formulation of the international 5G standard to make China
one of the main players."

By now, China has neared the completion of its third-phase of 5G testing, thanks
to the participation of both domestic companies such as Huawei Technologies Co
Ltd and foreign enterprises such as Ericsson AB.

The goal is to get pre-commercial system products ready by the end of this year.

Liu Xuan, an employee of Shenzhen-based BGI, China's top gene-sequencing
provider, said the company is engaged in a project using 5G technology to
enhance medical services in remote areas.

"We are experimenting how to help doctors do sonograms for patients thousands of
miles away by tapping into the superfast speed and extremely fast responses of
5G," Liu said.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 11/08/2018 page19)


                             570 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 8, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Domestic enterprises set tone for global fifth-generation players

BYLINE: Cheng Yu

BODY:

China will target a large-scale commercial launch of 5G in the first half of
2020, prompting global telecom players to follow suit, ramp up their resource
allocation and expand their businesses in the country, industry insiders said.

Pre-commercial testing of 5G services is being planned for the second half of
2019.

During this process, major global telecom players including Ericsson AB, Intel
Inc, and Qualcomm Inc are expected to sew up an array of partnerships with
Chinese counterparts.

For these companies, cross-border and cross-industry partnerships are the key to
the 5G race, they said.

A case in point is that Ericsson formed a tie-up with the China Mobile Research
Institute and US tech giant Intel in June this year, to complete a 5G call that
is compliant with cellular industry standards and specifications. The telecom
call was the world's first such test.

"It marks a milestone with our ecosystem partners on the path to 5G
commercialization, building on our years of research and standardization," said
Fredrik Jejdling, executive vice-president and head of business area networks
for Ericsson.

The Swedish telecom equipment maker also said it will cooperate with China
Mobile to conduct a 5G field trial in Suzhou, Jiangsu province, where the
demonstration system will be deployed and tested.

Such intensive participation of global 5G players in China's telecom field would
benefit local players and their Chinese partnerships as well.

Huang Yuhong, deputy general manager of the CMRI, said: "The 5G call was an
important milestone for the commercialization of 5G standards and will lay a
solid foundation for China Mobile in our large-scale 5G trial, enabling the
success of the global 5G industry."

Intel has teamed up with Huawei Technologies Co Ltd, a major telecom equipment
maker, to play a key role in China's 5G trials.

Wu Geng, a chief technologist for wireless standards at Intel, said 5G is of
paramount importance to Intel because it will usher in a new era of increasingly
integrated computing and telecom platforms.

US chipmaker Qualcomm Inc also announced earlier this year a partnership with
Chinese smartphone maker Oppo. The two firms aim to cooperate for more 5G
solutions.

In a first for Chinese smartphone makers, Oppo successfully connected 5G signals
and data links using a pre-commercial stage 5G smartphone developed on the basis
of its Oppo R15 model.

The handset is enabled by the Qualcomm Inc's Snapdragon X50 5G modem. The test
validated crucial technologies that can be used to accelerate the development of
5G smartphones.

"Qualcomm has helped drive the development of China's wireless communications
network from 2G, 3G to 4G and now to 5G," said Frank Meng, chairman of Qualcomm
China.

He also said China is an important market for Qualcomm and the company will
continue to beef up its partnerships and relations with other stakeholders in
the country.

chengyu@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 11/08/2018 page19)


                             571 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 8, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Technology to help build new cyberspace

BYLINE: Zhang Yangfei and Cao Yin in Wuzhen, Zhejiang

BODY:

Technology will continue to be a driving force for global development, industry
experts said at the Fifth World Internet Conference in Wuzhen, Zhejiang
province, on Wednesday.

Experts call for sustained, increased investments and support for sector

Technology will continue to be a driving force for global development, industry
experts said at the Fifth World Internet Conference in Wuzhen, Zhejiang
province, on Wednesday.

Shahzad Gul Aryobee, minister of communications and information technology of
Afghanistan, said: "Technology has a major role to play in every aspect of our
life. It is also key for economic growth. Governments must invest in its growth
and make it an integral part of their agenda."

The minister said that technology has brought remarkable changes to his
country's businesses, medical activities and telecommunications. He said
Afghanistan has made great efforts in developing its telecommunication
infrastructure over the past 15 years, to help its residents receive education
and live better lives.

Visitors check out Baidu's image recognition technology at the Fifth World
Internet Conference in Wuzhen, Zhejiang province, on Wednesday. Zhu Xingxin /
China Daily

Unlike the insufficient telecommunication infrastructure of 15 years ago, the
country now has built more than 5,000 kilometers of optical fibers, "and is
planning to build more in the following years", he said.

Thanks to these efforts, about 80 percent of the residents in the country can
use mobile phones and enjoy related services, the minister said.

The minister also lauded the Chinese government's support for establishing a
digital corridor to improve regional technology connections.

At the same time, technology has helped boost the efficiency of government
departments in Afghanistan. For example, the government has issued electronic
identity cards as well as simplified the identity process of residents. The
country is also planning to further boost telecommunication technologies, hoping
to cover more areas, such as schools and hospitals, he said.

Petru Bogdan Cojocaru, minister of communications and information society of
Romania, said about 30 percent of the country's GDP comes from technological
industries.

Although Romania has witnessed and got benefits from the technology
developments, it should do better in more aspects, such as infrastructure, he
said.

The minister said the country would like to cooperate with other nations with an
open mind and also further study some intelligent projects in accordance with
market demands.

Sun Pishu, chairman and CEO of Inspur Group, said the core of technology
development is computing. He said it is also one of the main propellers of
today's social change and digital economy, which is highly consistent with GDP
growth.

He said computing has become the major power to drive the transformation of the
IT industry, especially with the emergence of cloud computing, big data,
blockchain and artificial intelligence.

"Technologies like smartphones, cloud computing and social networks have
completely changed our lives in a quiet but far-reaching way," said Harry Shum,
executive vice-president of Microsoft.

He said that artificial intelligence will be the main technology trend that many
companies and entrepreneurs get a grip on, but its impact on ethics, law and the
society should also be worth noticing.

"What we can be sure about is that AI will bring unprecedented breakthroughs to
all aspects including healthcare, agricultural production, education and
transportation, and these breakthroughs are happening rapidly."

He said the questions left unanswered about AI include "how to ensure that AI
treats everyone equally? How to ensure that AI is safe and reliable to its
utmost extent? How to enjoy its benefits while protecting privacy? How we can
maintain machines as they become smarter and more powerful?"

To raise the social awareness of AI technology, Microsoft has put forward six
principles which are fairness, reliability and security, privacy protection,
inclusiveness, transparency and responsibility, which it believes can provide
guidelines for ethical AI development. They have also established an ethics
committee consisting of developers, researchers, legal affairs and human
resource experts to draft plans in managing and developing AI products.

Shum also called upon all governments and enterprises to come together and share
resources and experiences to promote innovation with a sense of responsibility.

It is noticeable that AI has gripped the cutting-edge technologies in China and
worldwide. Among 15 world leading internet scientific achievements released at
the conference, at least seven have integrated AI.

These achievements using increasingly smarter machines have covered a wide range
of areas, providing services for industry, including smart supply chain and
computer processors, and individual's lives, such as unmanned vehicles and smart
homes.

China's e-commerce giants have incorporated AI into their services to improve
their consumers' experiences as online retail sales have soared in recent years.

For example, the Smart Supply Chain Technology Service Platform developed by JD,
one of China's largest online retailers, helps to enhance the efficiency of the
supply chain, including inventory management, commodity selection, sales
planning, pricing, demand forecasting and order fulfillment by rapidly digesting
digital data via cloud computing and data analysis.

Alibaba Group has launched a supET industrial internet platform which supports
the management of industrial internet of things services and app operations, as
well as data analysis and application.

Electronics companies like Xiaomi and Huawei have made their digital devices
smarter. The MI AI Speaker, launched by Xiaomi last July, can be connected with
home software such as the TV and stereo and can correspond with more than 115
million IoT intelligent devices.

The Ascend 310, a program AI processor developed by Huawei, and AI Platform
Zhouyi which was independently developed by Arm China, also made breakthroughs
in enlarging computing capacity and gives new solutions for future AI
applications including safe city, self-driving, smart manufacturing and robots.

Other AI-related achievements include 360 Security Brain, Tesla Smart customer
service and Amazon Sagemaker, a platform that helps cut down the complexity of
machine training and enables developers to quickly build, train and deploy
machine models at any scale.

Contact the writers at zhangyangfei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 11/08/2018 page14)


                             572 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 8, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: The keys to unlocking potential of new tech

BODY:

Bai Yunfeng, president of TAL Education Group, a leading education and
technology company, Li Tao, founder and CEO of APUS, a tech company focusing on
mobile internet and Zhao Ming, president of Honor, a popular smartphone brand
owned by Huawei Technologies, cast their eyes over the ongoing internet-themed
conference and share their insights, views and expectations.

Editor's Note: The Fifth World Internet Conference, also known as the Wuzhen
Summit, commenced on Wednesday in the historic town in Zhejiang province. In the
runup to the event, China Daily reporters Cheng Yu and Ma Si asked senior
executives from three leading Chinese internet-based companies their thoughts
and predictions on the future development of the internet economy in China.

Bai Yunfeng, president of TAL Education Group, a leading education and
technology company, Li Tao, founder and CEO of APUS, a tech company focusing on
mobile internet and Zhao Ming, president of Honor, a popular smartphone brand
owned by Huawei Technologies, cast their eyes over the ongoing internet-themed
conference and share their insights, views and expectations.

Q1: Chinese tech companies have stepped up their efforts to master key
technologies with self-owned intellectual property despite the lingering trade
frictions between China and the United States. What sectors or cutting-edge
technologies will the country achieve breakthroughs in or add new perspectives
to in the next few years?

Q2: How can Chinese companies leverage the internet and innovation to help
further the country's economic transformation?

Q3: From your perspective, what are the characteristics of a powerful internet
nation? What do you think are the advantages and challenges for China as it
strives to be a formidable internet nation?

Q4: In the past year, what changes in the internet or technology sector do you
think have the ability to influence our future or the future of the industry?
What do you think are the reasons for these changes?

Q5: In the next few years, which sector do you think will most likely become a
disruptor in the internet or technology space? In other words, what do you think
will be the next hotspot or major trend?

A1 China plays an essential role in promoting the development of the internet
worldwide in terms of globalization, cross-border communication and
connectivity, as well as cyber security. China will become a global focus for
both internet technology innovations and the application of internet products.

Breakthroughs will happen as a result of the continuous collision and fusion of
future-oriented technological innovations with new business models based on the
internet. The overall trend will focus on key sectors relating to people's daily
life, including medical care and education.

Take education for example, we can separate teaching and educating with the "AI
+ education" model.

Technology can empower the traditional teaching approach and free teachers from
onerous work so that they can focus more on building the character of their
students. Studies in brain science can also make learning more efficient and
effective. Big data that reflects how the students study can make personalized
education on a large scale a reality.

A2 In recent years, China has made remarkable economic achievements. But at the
same time, it also needs to make structural adjustments to transform and upgrade
its economy.

A country's economic strength is underpinned by the high educational level of
its people. IT development and tech innovation based on the internet can play a
powerful role in education and also in poverty alleviation.

As an educational tech company with a strong sense of social responsibility, TAL
is not only committed to meeting the increasingly diversified needs of society,
parents and students for quality educational resources, but also actively
leveraging the advantages of the internet in promoting education equality and
inclusiveness.

We have conducted IT application cooperation projects with local governments in
different provinces, with an aim to provide quality education resources to
underdeveloped regions so as to help poverty alleviation and contribute to the
economic transformation and upgrading of China.

A3 A strong and confident internet nation should not only have a
well-established digital and IT infrastructure and competitive internet
technology research and development and innovation capabilities, but also
maintain a high IT literacy among its people nationwide.

China has been strengthening its fundamental IT development for more than 10
years. By keeping abreast of the international IT frontiers, China has set an
example by establishing a powerful internet system and narrowing the digital
divide.

At present, China has nearly 800 million netizens; 96 percent of the villages
across the country have access to optical fiber; and the 4G mobile network for
cellphone coverage is 95 percent of the country.

The Action Plan 2.0 for IT Application in Education announced by the Ministry of
Education this year emphasized the importance and urgency of lifting the level
of IT application and IT literacy. It also underscores the priorities of future
IT and internet development.

A4 Over the past year, internet technology has shown its ability to influence
every aspect of people's lives.

First, the application of internet technology is becoming more mature. Immersive
experiences and virtual reality and augmented reality technology can bring new
interactive experiences to people.

Besides, such scenario-based experiences can also be applied to education to
make the classes more lively and interesting, so that the students can have a
closer and more direct experience of multimedia learning and have better
learning results.

Combining digital technologies with education will lead to "online teaching".
The "Double Teacher Class" presented by TAL divides learning tasks based on such
online broadcast technology. The "main teacher" is responsible for the learning
part, through the means of online teaching; the "tutor" focuses on the
practicing part and helps ensure that the students get good learning results.

A5 In this new era, the internet, cloud computing, big data and other
information technologies are on the fast track of innovation and development. I
think the industrial focus will be on self-adaptive learning products and
services based on brain science.

At present, the integration of self-adaptive learning with big data and
artificial intelligence is already quite popular but still needs to be improved.
TAL keeps increasing its input in R&D in this field.

Through science-based analysis of and research on the learning process, we try
to decipher the mystery of learning bottlenecks and make learning more
effective.

In the future, measuring equipment based on brain science will be as convenient
and popular as the mobile phone and other digital devices that we use today. I
believe data-driven and user-experience-oriented products and services will
stand out and lead the direction of future internet technology development, and
make future life and learning smarter and better.

A1 Wireless communication is the bedrock of an information society and has a
vital role in the national economy, while artificial intelligence is seen as a
revolutionary yet basic technology that will widely permeate industries.

5G and AI technologies in emerging industries have been included in China's 13th
Five-Year Plan (2016-20). Huawei started 5G research in 2009 and Honor, a
popular cellphone brand under Huawei, launched its first AI-fitted smartphone in
2016.

However, technological innovation is like an endless marathon race - endurance
and sustainability prevail over speed. With the explosive emergence of 5G- and
AI-featured achievements, China is entering a promising transformation period
from Made in China into Created in China and Originating in China.

A2 The Chinese economy experienced a surge since the country's reform and
opening-up. The digital economy, as a national strategy, serves as an engine to
drive economic growth and industrial transformation.

Specifically, the e-commerce smartphone model that is asset-light with high
efficiency is consistent with the global trend of the digital economy. Honor has
stepped up the pace of economic growth and transformation in the following three
aspects:

For our business model, we have a decentralized and an asset-light business
model, and seek to reshape consumption scenarios and advance a globalized
vertical e-business.

For our cutting-edge technology, we are committed to applying cutting-edge
technology to consumable goods.

The technological revolution guides economic development and combines hardware
and software together, such as AI chips and cellphones, graphics processing unit
turbo technology and 5G solutions, to optimize more products to adapt to the
digital economy.

For our service experience: We target digital natives. The internet functions
both as a sales channel and a communication platform. The digital technology
helps build a user feedback cycle to upgrade the user experience.

A3 A powerful internet nation is a nation with strong technological strength,
the capability to defend itself from a cyber attack, has a strong cyber economy
and strict cyber governance.

On top of that, it must have high-speed internet access and good internet
penetration, diverse applications for individual users, in-depth application for
corporations and efficient application for the government.

Under the guidance of the Internet Plus strategy, we need to incorporate new
technologies such as big data and AI to advance manufacturing and other vertical
sectors, thereby realizing the goal of "Made in China 2025".

As a leading high-tech e-brand in China, Honor is committed to exploring
cutting-edge technology and making it available to the public, so as to elevate
Honor products' performance and greatly optimize the user experience.

A4 The emergence and evolvement of new technologies and models, such as
blockchain, AI, AR and autonomous driving, epitomize the tech trends of the past
year.

A good case in point is AI. 2018 was the starting year of AI, which was in place
prior to 5G and will be the accelerator of 5G. Thanks to rapid technological
advancement and favorable government policies, "AI+ all industry" is expected to
develop in full swing next year.

Six years ago, Huawei already spearheaded the AI domain and then introduced its
first AI-based cellphone Honor Magic to display its strength in AI systems.

A5 The internet of things and new retail will deeply permeate into internet
technology and the real economy. As consumption upgrading evolves deeper, IoT,
an expansion of the internet, will be the target of giant players worldwide.

This year, Honor has put forward its New Retail 3.0 strategy based on the Huawei
HiLink protocol, which advocates a manufacturer-retailer co-construction
pattern. This sales revolution deeply integrates retailer stores, Honor IoT
products and Honor online-to-offline platforms together.

In addition, 5G and AI are also key battlefields to fight for. 5G features high
speed, short delay and broad linkage. AI and 5G are propelling one another, and
they are expected to explode into full swing next year.

A1 AI, big data and the cloud.

Both China and the United States are internet giants. The US is recognized as
the most powerful nation now, but China has the advantage of a massive internet
user base as well as a rapid growth rate.

These users generate masses of data through their behavior and preferences in
various competitive business application scenarios.

After data cleaning and processing, the huge "data base" gives us a big
advantage in research and application with the help of cutting-edge technologies
such as AI. The data also stimulates and accelerates the development of cloud
storage and services.

We have deployed APUS Cloud, a Chinese cloud platform based on global
architecture. It adopts multiple technologies to decrease the complexity of
construction, deployment, operation and maintenance in the software delivery
process. It can effectively reduce the operating costs while ensuring data
security, which provides strong support for Chinese enterprises exploring
overseas markets.

A2 An enterprise should integrate the internet and technologies with all the
potential platforms including e-commerce platforms, social media and self-owned
media to form its own ecosystem.

For APUS, we are trying to build a comprehensive ecosystem, starting from a
traffic entrance platform through the user system, supporting and cultivating
global partners in many fields including music, games, news, video, e-commerce
and O2O by way of business cooperation and investment.

We are devoted to helping partners better develop the overseas market and build
a more complete ecosystem. In order to support this ecosystem, APUS has deployed
AI, a big data platform and APUS Cloud to help improve efficiency.

A3 Infrastructure serves as the basis of the internet. For a powerful internet
nation, the infrastructure should be strong enough to support the development of
the internet industry.

A powerful internet nation should positively embrace innovation and have leading
research and development strength globally.

In a mature internet industry, the scenario applications are significant for
driving the market to emerge and expand. With an energetic market, data will be
generated and technologies will be updated, eventually boosting innovation and
development.

With its large user base, China has strong advantages in data and application
scenarios. With the support of State policies, Chinese enterprises are
encouraged to research and deploy cutting-edge technologies.

A4 Big data and AI have great potential to influence the future of industry.

For instance, APUS has deployed big data and AI in our platform and analyzed
more than 7,000 data points to create user profiles based on a plurality of
dimensions such as nationality, equipment, age and habit, to deliver digital
solutions based on user preference.

Through this, we can deliver recommendations and more personalized experience to
each of our 1.2 billion users.

In short, the devices and applications will "know" users better.

A5 Data protection and privacy.

In May, the European Uion General Data Protection Regulation came into effect,
officially putting forward the significance of user privacy.

Data protection and privacy are an incontrovertible trend in the international
community and the implementation of GDPR is merely a start.

When developing new business or deploying new technologies including big data
and AI, we should take user privacy into account from the start when designing
products.

Based on our nature as an international company, we have been placing high
importance on data privacy ever since the establishment of APUS.

Visitors to the Light of the Internet Expo, part of the ongoing World Internet
Conference, try a wearable musical device using virtual reality technology. Zhu
Xingxin / China Daily

(China Daily 11/08/2018 page16)


                             573 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 8, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: What they say

BODY:

"Technology is a core force in the development of countries and in spurring
competition. I was glad to witness the release of the latest leading scientific
and technological achievements. I was particularly impressed by the Ascend 310,
developed by Huawei Technologies Co, as it could be a pivotal breakthrough in
China's chip research. Digitalization, or high-tech, in fact, is changing or
will change our lifestyles, which is its biggest contribution. But technology
providers or internet enterprises should be prospective when promoting their
products or services, because we expect them to not only bring convenience to
our daily lives, but also safeguard us from cyber threats."

Xie Maosong, a senior researcher with the China Institute for Innovation and
Development Strategy

"The Proprietary Financial-Grade Blockchain Platform of Ant Financial, designed
by Ant Financial Services Group, was impressive. China is way ahead in finance
and other services. The payment systems are so far ahead of others and then you
can have other services on top of that, for example recommendation services of
all kinds. That as a kind of commodity platform is growing rapidly and can be
used all over the world. It was also interesting to see blockchain technologies
being used in real applications."

Michael Irwin Jordan, a scientist from the United States and a professor at the
University of California, Berkeley.

"Technological changes and innovation has been maintaining strong momentum,
while cyber threats are becoming more and more sophisticated and are springing
up one after another, ranging from personal information and privacy leaks to
infringement of intellectual property, from cyber crimes and cyber terrorism to
various sophisticated cyberattacks. China has been making efforts in the past
years for cybersecurity. The 360 Brain of security, a cybersecurity protection
system released at the conference, is a good example of adopting new
technologies such as artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing and
block chain to achieve the goal."

Shen Yi, director of the Cyberspace Governance Research Center at Fudan
University

China Daily

(China Daily 11/08/2018 page14)


                             574 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 7, 2018 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Canberra can reboot relations by showing fresh mindset

BODY:

Australian Foreign Minister Marise Payne's visit to China, which starts on
Wednesday, is clearly a positive move taken by the two sides to reset bilateral
ties. With a new government taking office in Canberra in August, the two
countries are now in a better position to mend broken fences and recalibrate
their cooperation.

Payne's visit, the first official Australian ministerial visit in 18 months,
will help defuse the lingering suspicion and anxiety that have stalled
high-level contacts.

Although the two sides have had brief exchanges when their diplomats met on
multilateral platforms in recent months, there is no denying the fact that
relations between the two countries have remained strained since last year.

But since August, members of Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison's
government have made positive remarks about China, showing a willingness to make
a departure from the much criticized China policy adhered to by the previous
administration. In a policy speech last week, Morrison described Australia's
economic relationship with China as "vitally important".

Against such a backdrop, the resumption of high-level China-Australia contacts
is only natural. China has repeatedly said there is no fundamental difference
between the two countries and Australia needs to discard the Cold War mentality
which views China as an adversary, rather than a cooperative partner. This
attitude was once again on display with the recent allegations that Huawei and
ZTE would compromise the security of Australia's 5G network if involved.

There are undoubtedly differences between the two sides on a number of issues,
most pertinently those that China regards as touching on its core interests.

The two sides need to create a cordial atmosphere to break the ice and build
more mutual trust so that bilateral cooperation can be expanded and bring more
benefits to both countries.

By demonstrating a fresh mindset and looking to the larger picture of
China-Australia ties, the Morrison government can rebuild relations with China.
Today, most Australians would not deny their country owes much to China for
their country's economic prosperity over the past years.

That a delegation of 150 Australian exporters is in Shanghai this week attending
the China International Import Expo reinforces that fact, and offers just one
example of how China's further opening-up can provide new opportunities for
Australia.

(China Daily 11/07/2018 page10)


                             575 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 7, 2018 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Chip industry's growth will reduce foreign reliance

BYLINE: Fan Feifei

BODY:

Echoing President Xi Jinping's call to boost the healthy development of the
country's new generation of artificial intelligence (AI), Chinese technology
companies attending the ongoing World Internet Conference in Wuzhen, East
China's Zhejiang province, are intensifying efforts to develop their own
artificial intelligence (AI) chips, as the country aims to become self-reliant
in key technologies and lessen its dependence on foreign microprocessors.

In September, Chinese tech giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd announced the
establishment of a dedicated chip subsidiary aimed at creating customized AI
chips and embedded processors to further support the tech giant's cloud and
internet of things businesses, as well as drive the development of
industry-specific applications.

The company plans to launch its first AI chip AliNPU, which could potentially
support technologies used in autonomous driving, smart cities and smart
logistics in the second half of next year, said Zhang Jianfeng, Alibaba chief
technology officer, at the company's annual cloud computing conference in
Hangzhou, Zhejiang province.

In April, Alibaba announced that it had fully acquired Hangzhou C-Sky
Microsystems Co, which develops embedded central processing units and chip
architecture, underscoring its commitment to the chip industry. "We are
confident that our advantages in algorithm, data intelligence, computing power
and domain knowledge on the back of Alibaba's diverse ecosystem will put us in a
unique position to lead real technological breakthroughs in disruptive areas,
such as quantum and chip technology," Zhang said.

China's largest telecom equipment maker and smartphone vendor Huawei
Technologies Co unveiled two new chips for AI applications called Ascend 910 and
Ascend 310.

Ascend 310 is designed for the low-power computing needs of smart devices, while
Ascend 910, which will be available in the second quarter of 2019, is aimed at
data centers. Huawei claims its chip can process more data at a faster rate than
its competitors and help link networks in a matter of minutes.

The two chips will pit Huawei against major players such as Intel Corp, Qualcomm
Inc and Nvidia Corp. "Huawei's AI strategy is to invest in basic research and
talent development, build a full-stack, all-scenario AI portfolio and foster an
open global ecosystem," said Xu Zhijun, rotating chairman of the company, at the
Huawei Connect 2018 Conference in Shanghai in October. Xu added that these chips
will not be sold as standalone products, because the company will develop
products such as AI servers, AI accelerators and autonomous driving solutions
based on these processors and sell them along with the chips to clients.

Huawei wants to get a piece of China's burgeoning AI market. A recent Tsinghua
University report projects the Chinese AI market, which in 2017 grew 67 percent
year-on-year to $3.55 billion, will increase by another 75 percent in 2018.

Besides, Chinese internet search giant Baidu Inc unveiled AI chip Kunlun, which
can be built to meet the high performance requirements of a wide variety of AI
fields and products including data centers, public clouds and autonomous
vehicles.

These companies expect their respective chips to help their AI applications run
better while lowering costs. The chips could also reduce these companies'
dependency on processor makers whose products excel at performing the functions
modern AI applications require.

Luo Weidong, chairman of Shenzhen Saiya Capital Management Co said: "The ZTE
issue is like a wakeup call for the country's technology industry. The country
will attach greater importance to the independent research and development of
chips."

And Shu Qiquan, general manager of Shanghai Qianbo Fund, said domestic chip
manufacturers still lag behind leading foreign competitors in chip design,
material, and equipment. "The chip industry is in urgent need of talent and
capital, and the authorities should provide financing channels and capital
support for chip companies. The chip design, memory, graphic processing unit,
packaging and testing, semiconductor equipment, and materials have great
investment value."

fanfeifei@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 11/07/2018 page21)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/5/154155165900.jpg

f04da2db11221d4c729b0b.jpg


                             576 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 7, 2018 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Conference offers platform to display and share internet technologies

BYLINE: Yuan Shenggao

BODY:

Another round of massive display and exchange of internet technologies, which
brings benefits to people around the world, is set to kick off in Wuzhen, East
China's Zhejiang province.

This is the fifth time the small town by the river has offered such a platform
for the world as the birth place of the annual World Internet Conference.

Here are a few snippets and highlights of WIC events over the years.

Digital Gala

The first WIC event in 2014 was a success and spurred great changes in public
infrastructure. The conference was attended by roughly 1,000 internet
professionals, officials and experts from more than 100 countries and regions.

The founders of China's top three internet companies Alibaba, Tencent and Baidu,
as well as executives from global giants such as Apple, Amazon, Google and
Facebook, took part in the gala.

The third WIC, themed Innovation-driven Internet Development for the Benefit of
All - Building a Community of Common Future in Cyberspace released a series of
leading internet scientific and technological achievements, including an Alibaba
facial recognition device, the SAP HANA cloud platform, Xiaomi's latest high-end
flagship Mi Mix, Sharp's android smartphone, JD.com's drone and driverless
vehicle, and Nokia's vehicle-to-vehicle communication.

The hot new releases at that session didn't stop there. Huawei's Kirin 960
processor, Qualcomm's 5G technology, Microsoft's HoloLens technology and the
Chinese Academy of Sciences' Cambricon-1A Chip were also shown to the world for
the first time.

At the fourth WIC, the organizing committee set up the World Internet Leading
Scientific and Technological Achievements Recommendation Committee, with 44
well-known experts and scholars from 10 countries on board. It collected nearly
1,000 innovations in the internet field from all over the world, including the
Huawei 3GPP 5G pre-commercial system, Arm security architecture, Microsoft Xiao
Bing, the Beidou Satellite Navigation System and the major application
achievements of a supercomputer system based on the Shenwei Taihu Lake Light.

An Internet Hub

"Tongxiang's favorable industrial chain is without a doubt an important
element," said Yin Xiaodong, CEO of Jiaxing Yuguang Optoelectronic Technology
Co, which is engaged in advanced optics and micro nano optical design,
manufacturing and application.

Launched in Tongxiang in 2016, the company has developed the world's leading
optical design software, and a unique optical system module design and
manufacturing process.

The company will showcase its latest technology at WIC this week.

As an Internet hub, Wuzhen is also the location of this year's Light of Internet
Expo, staged at its International Internet Exhibition and Convention Center.

"The expo features the most innovative, cutting-edge products and fields in
information technology, including cloud calculation, big data, quantum
communication, and artificial intelligence," said Yuan Jiajun, governor of
Zhejiang province, at the expo's opening ceremony.

More than 430 companies from 25 countries and regions attended the event. They
included industry giants such as BMW and Alibaba, joined by emerging startups in
information technology.

Beyond a conference

The second WIC was arguably the most high-profile internet event in China in
2015. Chinese President attended the opening ceremony and delivered a keynote
speech. That year's event closed with the release of the Wuzhen Initiative,
which has been called a milestone in the history of the internet.

The fourth WIC concluded with the Report on World Internet Development 2017 and
the Report on China Internet Development 2017.

The conference has promoted remarkable discussions and exchanges of opinion on a
broad array of issues, including the digital economy, cutting-edge technologies,
the interplay between the internet and society, exchange and cooperation, and
how to promote common approaches to the governance of cyberspace.

(China Daily 11/07/2018 page20)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/65/154155165996.jpg

f04da2db11221d4c725908.jpg


                             577 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            November 5, 2018 Monday

HEADLINE: Automaker, internet giants developing high-tech vehicles

BYLINE: Li Fusheng

BODY:

Ford is partnering with Chinese internet giants to develop connected and
autonomous vehicles as part of its commitment to offering better mobility
solutions in the country and around the world.

The United States-headquartered carmaker announced last week a two-year project
with Baidu to develop and test self-driving vehicles in Beijing. The vehicles
involved will meet the Level 4 standard, or mind-off, autonomous driving, as
defined by the Society of Automotive Engineers International.

Ford said the vehicles have already been fitted with the internet company's
autonomous driving system Apollo, and their on-road testing is scheduled to
start by the end of this year.

"Working with a leading tech partner like Baidu allows us to leverage new
opportunities in China to offer innovative solutions that improve safety,
convenience and the overall mobility experience," Sherif Marakby, president and
CEO of Ford's autonomous vehicles unit, said in a statement.

The project is expected to deepen Ford and Baidu's existing partnership. Ford is
a founding member of the Apollo committee, an advisory group for its autonomous
driving open platform.

The two-year project came after an announcement in June that the two companies
would explore areas of cooperation in the fields of artificial intelligence and
connectivity.

Ford said it would develop new in-vehicle infotainment systems and digital
services for its vehicle owners in China based on Baidu's voice-interaction
system, DuerOS.

The system will enable car owners to command and communicate with their vehicles
using natural language and allow people to easily access information and
services that they need in daily life, according to the carmaker.

Ford has also been working closely with Alibaba Group to offer an open,
cloud-based platform for connected cars in China.

Enabled by Alibaba Cloud, the Transportation Mobility Cloud will serve as an
open, cloud-based platform that provides standardized data and infrastructure
for developers to quickly build value-added software programs that enable
drivers and passengers to interact with connected vehicles.

This new software could help deliver a better in-vehicle connectivity and
mobility experience for Chinese consumers, such as helping residents plan
transit journeys, managing a large-scale fleet for a ride-hailing business, and
even routing self-driving cars on busy streets, Ford said.

The two also agreed to explore new collaboration opportunities in the
transportation network and mobility sectors, with the ultimate goal of creating
a safer, more efficient and sustainable transportation ecosystem in China.

Ford is also testing cellular vehicle-to-everything technology, which would
allow traffic participants and infrastructure to speak the same language in real
time, with local partners including Datang Telecom Technology and Industry Group
and Huawei Technologies.

It conducted tests for the first time on public roads in China in September, as
part of an ongoing pilot project in Wuxi, Jiangsu province.

This technology supplements vehicle sensors and enables vehicles, traffic lights
and signs, cyclists and pedestrian devices to share information about their
status, location and next move.

Ford said the project marks a significant milestone in its contribution to the
development of the cellular vehicle-to-everything technology, which will help to
reduce congestion and cut road hazards.

The test in China aligns with Ford's recent work in the US and Europe to produce
the synergy that will further boost its progress in this field.

"We are responding to the rapid pace of change by delivering increased
connectivity and working to improve and simplify mobility for everyone," said
Ford President and CEO Jim Hackett.

"This builds on our commitment to delivering smart vehicles for a smart world,
helping people around the world move more safely, confidently and freely."

(China Daily 11/05/2018 page12)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/86/154137882030.jpg

00221917e13e1d49c98d3a.jpg


                             578 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            November 5, 2018 Monday

HEADLINE: Audi's China debut for all-electric e-tron drives home carmaker's
commitment to local market

BYLINE: Li Fusheng

BODY:

Audi AG is holding the China premiere of the e-tron, its first fully electric
production vehicle, as well as showcasing many other of its models at the China
International Import Expo which kicks of today in Shanghai, as a sign of the
German premium carmaker's commitment to the world's largest automotive market.

"We want to show all visitors the best products of our brand with the highest
technical standards," said Thomas Owsianski, president of Audi China.

"The Audi e-tron is a genuine pioneer. To show this exceptional all-electric car
in Shanghai at the CIIE proves again the strong commitment of Audi to China," he
said.

Thanks to two state-of-the-art electric motors, the e-tron has a maximum output
of 300 kW and a top torque of 660 Nm, and its quattro four-wheel-drive
technology ensures handling with unmistakable Audi DNA.

The e-tron offers a long range of more than 400 kilometers under conditions
defined by the Worldwide Harmonised Light Vehicle Test Procedure, a global
standard for determining the levels of pollutants and emissions, fuel or energy
consumption, and the electric range of light-duty vehicles. It is the first
series-production model capable of charging with up to 150 kW at direct circuit
charging stations by Ionity, a joint venture that is building a pan-European
network to facilitate long-distance travel, according to Audi.

Owsianski said the model, which is currently made in Belgium, will be introduced
into China in 2019 and locally produced at Audi's Chinese joint venture
FAW-Volkswagen starting from 2020.

The e-tron will be one of four Audi new energy vehicles to be produced by 2022,
as part of the carmaker's efforts to continue its success in China, its largest
market worldwide.

"From small beginnings 30 years ago, together with FAW, we have now grown our
business into a huge success story, selling around 600,000 cars (in China) last
year," said Owsianski.

The momentum has continued. In the first nine months of this year, a total of
over 480,000 Audi cars have been sold in China, an increase of 15.4 percent year
on year.

Audi expects its sales in the country to reach 1 million in the coming years
with the help of its growing lineup.

"Audi is the most reliable long-term premium car partner of China, and we are
totally committed to the Chinese market and our valued customers," said
Owsianski.

The carmaker is offering its complete product range in the country, ranging from
the A1, the Q2L and Q3 to the A4L, the Q5L, the A6L, the Q7 and the A8L.

Audi was not only the very first premium car brand to produce its cars in China,
but was also the first to offer cars designed specifically for the local market,
when it extended the wheelbase of the A6 in 1999 to satisfy Chinese customer
preferences.

The move, based on Audi's understanding of Chinese passengers, greatly fueled
sales of Audi vehicles in the country, and attracted many other brands to follow
suit in later years.

Audi's success story in China is also symbolic of the successful development of
the whole country, according to Owsianski.

He said over the past three decades Audi has witnessed Chinese people's efforts
to grow their country into the second largest economy and the largest automotive
market in the world.

"This is a tremendous success. At the same time, Audi is very proud to be part
of this historical achievement," he said.

Looking forward, Audi has unveiled its China growth plan, based on its global
strategy.

Called "In China for China", the plan involves developing cars especially for
the Chinese market. "We are going through our businesses to look at what
activities should be expanded in China," he said.

Audi is also increasing its research and development presence in China, with the
current number of engineers expected to more than double to 630 by 2023.

It plans to expand its R&D facility in Beijing, and will build another
development and testing facility in Wuxi, Jiangsu province, in 2019. The
facilities will have a special focus on autonomous driving, digitalization and
new energy vehicles, said the carmaker.

Audi has now obtained licenses to test autonomous vehicles in these two Chinese
cities.

Together with Huawei and other local partners, Audi China is intensifying its
research in the field of highly automated cars.

"We are a partner of China for over three decades and we want to continue to
support China and her people to fulfill their China Dream in the years to come,"
said Owsianski.

lifusheng@chinadaily.com.cn

The display for Audi at the China International Import Expo, held from Nov 5 to
10 in Shanghai.Photos Provided To China Daily

(China Daily 11/05/2018 page4)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/52/154137882520.jpg

00221917e13e1d49c4750f.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/34/154137882548.jpg

00221917e13e1d49c48510.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/13/154137882586.jpg

00221917e13e1d49c4a411.jpg


                             579 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 3, 2018 Saturday

HEADLINE: BRI to strengthen China, Latin America ties

BYLINE: Qiu Quanlin in Zhuhai,Guangdong

BODY:

The Belt and Road Initiative will help to facilitate infrastructure construction
in Latin America and enable stronger connections with China, said a senior
government official from Uruguay.

"Stronger infrastructure development will help to promote collaboration, trade
efficiency and cooperation in finance and other sectors in Latin America," said
Rodolfo Nin Novoa, the foreign affairs minister of Uruguay.

Nin Novoa spoke during the annual China-LAC Business Summit, which ended on
Friday in Zhuhai, a coastal city bordering the Macao Special Administrative
Region.

The China-LAC Business Summit, which was launched in 2007, is seen as a platform
for promoting economic, social and trade cooperation between China, Latin
American and Caribbean regions.

China, currently the largest trade partner of Uruguay, has become a key
destination for Uruguayan exports, with bilateral trade reaching $2.549 billion
in 2017.

"Uruguay will open new routes for investment from China, such as in the areas of
infrastructure, logistics, tourism, food and textiles," said Nin Novoa.

Uruguay was the first country in the Latin American region to sign a cooperation
agreement with China on the Belt and Road Initiative.

Jose Luis Bernal, the Mexican ambassador to China, said a number of Chinese
companies are participating in infrastructure construction in Mexico.

"Mexico is building stronger relations with other Latin American countries, and
working together to cultivate economic and business ties with China," said the
ambassador.

The Belt and Road Initiative will help Mexico to access new opportunities for
cooperation with China, as Mexico shares competitive resources with other Latin
American countries, he said.

Chinese technology giant Huawei Technology and CNOOC, or China National Offshore
Oil Corp, have boosted their investment in Mexico, helping facilitate 4G telecom
networks and port construction, he said.

China's trade with the Latin American regions reached $260 billion in 2017, with
Chinese direct investment climbing to $387 billion as of last year, according to
Gao Yan, chairwoman of the China Council for the Promotion of International
Trade.

"China has become the second-largest trade partner for Latin America. The Belt
and Road Initiative will further promote bilateral trade and help facilitate
social exchanges and investment," said Gao.

qiuquanlin@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 11/03/2018 page5)


                             580 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 3, 2018 Saturday

HEADLINE: BRI to strengthen China, Latin America ties

BYLINE: Qiu Quanlin in Zhuhai,Guangdong

BODY:

The Belt and Road Initiative will help to facilitate infrastructure construction
in Latin America and enable stronger connections with China, said a senior
government official from Uruguay.

"Stronger infrastructure development will help to promote collaboration, trade
efficiency and cooperation in finance and other sectors in Latin America," said
Rodolfo Nin Novoa, the foreign affairs minister of Uruguay.

Nin Novoa spoke during the annual China-LAC Business Summit, which ended on
Friday in Zhuhai, a coastal city bordering the Macao Special Administrative
Region.

The China-LAC Business Summit, which was launched in 2007, is seen as a platform
for promoting economic, social and trade cooperation between China, Latin
American and Caribbean regions.

China, currently the largest trade partner of Uruguay, has become a key
destination for Uruguayan exports, with bilateral trade reaching $2.549 billion
in 2017.

"Uruguay will open new routes for investment from China, such as in the areas of
infrastructure, logistics, tourism, food and textiles," said Nin Novoa.

Uruguay was the first country in the Latin American region to sign a cooperation
agreement with China on the Belt and Road Initiative.

Jose Luis Bernal, the Mexican ambassador to China, said a number of Chinese
companies are participating in infrastructure construction in Mexico.

"Mexico is building stronger relations with other Latin American countries, and
working together to cultivate economic and business ties with China," said the
ambassador.

The Belt and Road Initiative will help Mexico to access new opportunities for
cooperation with China, as Mexico shares competitive resources with other Latin
American countries, he said.

Chinese technology giant Huawei Technology and CNOOC, or China National Offshore
Oil Corp, have boosted their investment in Mexico, helping facilitate 4G telecom
networks and port construction, he said.

China's trade with the Latin American regions reached $260 billion in 2017, with
Chinese direct investment climbing to $387 billion as of last year, according to
Gao Yan, chairwoman of the China Council for the Promotion of International
Trade.

"China has become the second-largest trade partner for Latin America. The Belt
and Road Initiative will further promote bilateral trade and help facilitate
social exchanges and investment," said Gao.

qiuquanlin@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 11/03/2018 page5)


                             581 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            November 2, 2018 Friday

HEADLINE: [#x534e][#x6625][#x83b9]"[#x795e][#x56de][#x590d]"

BYLINE: [#x4e2d][#x56fd][#x65e5][#x62a5][#x53cc][#x8bed][#x65b0][#x95fb]

BODY:

[#x7f8e][#x56fd][#x300a][#x7ebd][#x7ea6][#x65f6][#x62a5][#x300b][#x4e0a][#x6708]
[#x7684][#x4e00][#x7bc7][#x62a5][#x9053][#x5f15][#x8ff0][#x533f][#x540d][#x7f8e]
[#x56fd][#x5b98][#x5458][#x7684][#x8bdd][#x79f0]"[#x4e2d][#x56fd][#x548c][#x4fc4
][#x7f57][#x65af][#x7684][#x60c5][#x62a5][#x90e8][#x95e8][#x4e00][#x76f4][#x5728
][#x76d1][#x542c][#x7279][#x6717][#x666e][#x603b][#x7edf][#x7684][#x4e2a][#x4eba
][#x82f9][#x679c][#x624b][#x673a]"[#x3002][#x5728][#x6b21][#x65e5][#x5916][#x4ea
4][#x90e8][#x4f8b][#x884c][#x8bb0][#x53d1][#x5e03][#x4f1a][#x4e0a][#xff0c][#x670
9][#x8bb0][#x8005][#x5c31][#x6b64][#x4e8b][#x5411][#x534e][#x6625][#x83b9][#x53d
1][#x95ee][#xff0c][#x534e][#x6625][#x83b9][#x5e7d][#x9ed8][#x5730][#x7ed9][#x51f
a][#x4e86][#x56de][#x5e94][#xff0c][#x8fd8][#x731d][#x4e0d][#x53ca][#x9632][#x573
0][#x7ed9][#x534e][#x4e3a][#x6253][#x4e86][#x6ce2][#x5e7f][#x544a][#x3002][#x4e0
b][#x9762][#xff0c][#x8bf7][#x8ddf][#x53cc][#x8bed][#x541b][#x4e00][#x8d77][#x676
5][#x770b][#x770b][#x5979][#x7684][#x56de][#x5e94][#x5427][#xff01]

The New York Times ran a story on Oct 24 under the headline of When Trump phones
friends, the Chinese and the Russians listen and learn. The story solicited some
unusual responses.

[#x300a][#x7ebd][#x7ea6][#x65f6][#x62a5][#x300b][#x4e0a][#x6708]24[#x65e5][#x4ee
5][#x300a][#x5f53][#x7279][#x6717][#x666e][#x7ed9][#x670b][#x53cb][#x6253][#x753
5][#x8bdd][#x7684][#x65f6][#x5019][#xff0c][#x4e2d][#x56fd][#x548c][#x4fc4][#x7f5
7][#x65af][#x5728][#x76d1][#x542c][#x7814][#x7a76][#x300b][#x4e3a][#x9898][#x53d
1][#x8868][#x4e86][#x4e00][#x7bc7][#x6587][#x7ae0][#x3002][#x6587][#x7ae0][#x5f1
5][#x8d77][#x5404][#x65b9][#x5173][#x6ce8][#x548c][#x56de][#x5e94][#x3002]

It reported that "When President Trump calls old friends on one of his iPhones
to gossip, gripe or solicit their latest take on how he is doing, American
intelligence reports indicate that Chinese spies are often listening - and
putting to use invaluable insights into how to best work the president and
affect administration policy, current and former American officials said."

[#x62a5][#x9053][#x5f15][#x8ff0][#x533f][#x540d][#x7f8e][#x56fd][#x5b98][#x5458]
[#x7684][#x8bdd][#x79f0]"[#x7f8e][#x56fd][#x60c5][#x62a5][#x90e8][#x95e8][#x62a5
][#x544a][#x663e][#x793a][#xff0c][#x5f53][#x7279][#x6717][#x666e][#x7528][#x4ed6
][#x7684][#x65e7][#x82f9][#x679c][#x624b][#x673a][#x7ed9][#x4ed6][#x7684][#x8001
][#x670b][#x53cb][#x6253][#x7535][#x8bdd][#x65f6][#xff0c][#x4e0d][#x7ba1][#x662f
][#x5728][#x516b][#x5366][#x3001][#x62b1][#x6028][#x6216][#x5f81][#x6c42][#x610f
][#x89c1][#xff0c][#x4e2d][#x56fd][#x7684][#x60c5][#x62a5][#x7ec4][#x7ec7][#x90fd
][#x5728][#x7a83][#x542c][#xff0c][#x4ee5][#x4fbf][#x4e86][#x89e3][#x5982][#x4f55
][#x66f4][#x597d][#x5730][#x5f71][#x54cd][#x7279][#x6717][#x666e][#x4ee5][#x53ca
][#x7f8e][#x56fd][#x653f][#x5e9c][#x653f][#x7b56][#x3002]"

At a regular press conference of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs on Oct 25, a
reporter asked Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying to comment on the
report.

[#x6b21][#x65e5][#xff0c][#x5728][#x5916][#x4ea4][#x90e8][#x4f8b][#x884c][#x8bb0]
[#x8005][#x4f1a][#x4e0a][#xff0c][#x6709][#x8bb0][#x8005][#x5c31][#x6b64][#x4e8b]
[#x5411][#x5916][#x4ea4][#x90e8][#x53d1][#x8a00][#x4eba][#x534e][#x6625][#x83b9]
[#x53d1][#x95ee][#xff0c][#x8bf7][#x5979][#x5bf9][#x6b64][#x4f5c][#x51fa][#x8bc4]
[#x4ef7][#x3002]

"Reading this report," Hua said, "I feel that today in the United States there
really are some people who are doing their utmost to win best script at the
Oscars. If possible, I have three pieces of advice for them.

[#x534e][#x6625][#x83b9][#x56de][#x5e94][#x9053][#xff1a]"[#x6211][#x4e5f][#x770b
][#x5230][#x4e86][#x4f60][#x63d0][#x5230][#x7684][#x300a][#x7ebd][#x7ea6][#x65f6
][#x62a5][#x300b][#x7684][#x8fd9][#x7bc7][#x62a5][#x9053][#xff0c][#x611f][#x89c9
][#x73b0][#x5728][#x7f8e][#x56fd][#x6709][#x4e9b][#x4eba][#x771f][#x7684][#x662f
][#x60f3][#x4e0d][#x9057][#x4f59][#x529b][#x5730][#x89d2][#x9010][#x5965][#x65af
][#x5361][#x6700][#x4f73][#x5267][#x672c][#x5956][#x3002][#x5982][#x679c][#x53ef
][#x4ee5][#x7684][#x8bdd][#xff0c][#x6211][#x6709][#x4e09][#x4e2a][#x5efa][#x8bae
][#x3002]"

"Firstly, the New York Times should have known that releasing such kind of
report would only add to evidence that it was fabricating news."

"[#x7b2c][#x4e00][#x3001][#x300a][#x7ebd][#x7ea6][#x65f6][#x62a5][#x300b][#x5e94
][#x8be5][#x77e5][#x9053][#x5b83][#x53d1][#x8868][#x7c7b][#x4f3c][#x62a5][#x9053
][#xff0c][#x53ea][#x4f1a][#x591a][#x4e00][#x4e2a][#x5176][#x505a][#x5047][#x65b0
][#x95fb][#x7684][#x8bc1][#x636e][#x3002]"

"Secondly, if they are really very worried about Apple phones being bugged, then
they can change to using Huawei.

"[#x7b2c][#x4e8c][#x3001][#x5982][#x679c][#x5f88][#x62c5][#x5fc3][#x82f9][#x679c
][#x624b][#x673a][#x88ab][#x7a83][#x542c][#x7684][#x8bdd][#xff0c][#x53ef][#x4ee5
][#x6539][#x7528][#x534e][#x4e3a][#x624b][#x673a][#x3002]"

"Thirdly, if they are still not at ease, then in order to have an entirely
secure device, they can stop using all forms of modern communication devices and
cut off all ties with the outside world."

"[#x7b2c][#x4e09][#x3001][#x5982][#x679c][#x8fd8][#x89c9][#x5f97][#x4e0d][#x653e
][#x5fc3][#xff0c][#x4e3a][#x4e86][#x7edd][#x5bf9][#x5b89][#x5168][#x8d77][#x89c1
][#xff0c][#x53ef][#x4ee5][#x505c][#x6b62][#x4f7f][#x7528][#x4efb][#x4f55][#x73b0
][#x4ee3][#x901a][#x8baf][#x8bbe][#x5907][#xff0c][#x65ad][#x7edd][#x4e0e][#x5916
][#x754c][#x6240][#x6709][#x8054][#x7cfb][#x3002]"

Thereafter, US President Donald Trump posted on his social networking platform
that "The New York Times has a new Fake Story that now the Russians and Chinese
(glad they finally added China) are listening to all of my calls on cellphones.
Except that I rarely use a cellphone, and when I do, it's government authorized.
I like Hard Lines. Just more made up Fake News!"

[#x968f][#x540e][#xff0c][#x7279][#x6717][#x666e][#x5728][#x5176][#x793e][#x4ea4]
[#x5a92][#x4f53][#x4e0a][#x53d1][#x5e16][#x3002][#x4ed6][#x8bf4][#xff1a]"[#x300a
][#x7ebd][#x7ea6][#x65f6][#x62a5][#x300b][#x53c8][#x6709][#x4e86][#x4e00][#x4e2a
][#x65b0][#x7684][#x5047][#x65b0][#x95fb][#x3002][#x8bf4][#x4fc4][#x7f57][#x65af
][#x548c][#x4e2d][#x56fd][#xff08][#x5f88][#x9ad8][#x5174][#x4ed6][#x4eec][#x7ec8
][#x4e8e][#x628a][#x4e2d][#x56fd][#x52a0][#x8fdb][#x6765][#x4e86][#xff09][#x6b63
][#x5728][#x76d1][#x542c][#x6211][#x6240][#x6709][#x7684][#x624b][#x673a][#x901a
][#x8bdd][#x3002][#x4f46][#x662f][#x6211][#x6839][#x672c][#x4e0d][#x600e][#x4e48
][#x7528][#x624b][#x673a][#xff0c][#x5c31][#x7b97][#x7528][#x4e5f][#x662f][#x5728
][#x653f][#x5e9c][#x8bb8][#x53ef][#x4e4b][#x540e][#x3002][#x6211][#x559c][#x6b22
][#x56fa][#x5b9a][#x7535][#x8bdd][#x3002][#x8ba9][#x5047][#x65b0][#x95fb][#x6765
][#x5f97][#x66f4][#x731b][#x70c8][#x4e9b][#x5427][#xff01]"

The BBC ran a story headlined "China says Trump should swap iPhone for Huawei
amid bugging claim".

[#x82f1][#x56fd][#x5e7f][#x64ad][#x516c][#x53f8][#x4e5f][#x5c31][#x6b64][#x53d1]
[#x8868][#x4e86][#x4e00][#x7bc7][#x6587][#x7ae0][#xff0c][#x9898][#x4e3a][#x300a]
[#x5728][#x7279][#x6717][#x666e][#x624b][#x673a][#x7684][#x76d1][#x542c][#x804c]
[#x8d23][#x4e2d][#xff0c][#x4e2d][#x56fd][#x5efa][#x8bae][#x4ed6][#x628a][#x82f9]
[#x679c][#x6362][#x6210][#x534e][#x4e3a][#x300b][#x3002]

Reuters' story had a headline of Worried about Trump iPhone eavesdroppers? China
recommends a Huawei.

[#x8def][#x900f][#x793e][#x7684][#x6587][#x7ae0][#x6807][#x9898][#x4e3a][#x300a]
[#x7279][#x6717][#x666e][#x82f9][#x679c][#x624b][#x673a][#x7591][#x88ab][#x7a83]
[#x542c][#xff0c][#x4e2d][#x56fd][#x5efa][#x8bae][#x5176][#x6539][#x7528][#x534e]
[#x4e3a][#x300b][#x3002]

Netizens also submitted some offbeat responses on social media platforms.

[#x5728][#x793e][#x4ea4][#x5a92][#x4f53][#x4e0a][#xff0c][#x6b64][#x4e8b][#x4e5f]
[#x5f15][#x53d1][#x7f51][#x53cb][#x70ed][#x8bae][#x3002]

Louis Ferreira said, "The best joke ever, to remind us that we are in the era of
globalization."

[#x7f51][#x53cb]Louis
Ferreira[#x8bc4][#x4ef7][#x9053][#xff1a]"[#x8fd9][#x771f][#x662f][#x53f2][#x4e0a
][#x6700][#x68d2][#x7684][#x7b11][#x8bdd][#xff0c][#x63d0][#x9192][#x6211][#x4eec
][#x751f][#x6d3b][#x5728][#x5168][#x7403][#x5316][#x7684][#x65f6][#x4ee3][#x3002
]"

Magdalena said, "Oh she's funny. That's nice."

"[#x554a][#xff0c][#x5979][#x771f][#x5e7d][#x9ed8][#x3002][#x6709][#x8da3][#x7684
][#x8bf4][#x6cd5][#x3002]"

Jim Moore said, "Hate to say it, but good one..."

[#x7f51][#x53cb]Jim
Moore[#x8bf4][#x9053][#xff1a]"[#x771f][#x4e0d][#x60f3][#x627f][#x8ba4][#xff0c][#
x4f46][#x8fd9][#x56de][#x5e94][#x771f][#x4e0d][#x8d56]......"

(China Daily 11/02/2018 page22)


                             582 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            November 2, 2018 Friday

HEADLINE: [#x534e][#x6625][#x83b9]"[#x795e][#x56de][#x590d]"

BYLINE: [#x4e2d][#x56fd][#x65e5][#x62a5][#x53cc][#x8bed][#x65b0][#x95fb]

BODY:

[#x7f8e][#x56fd][#x300a][#x7ebd][#x7ea6][#x65f6][#x62a5][#x300b][#x4e0a][#x6708]
[#x7684][#x4e00][#x7bc7][#x62a5][#x9053][#x5f15][#x8ff0][#x533f][#x540d][#x7f8e]
[#x56fd][#x5b98][#x5458][#x7684][#x8bdd][#x79f0]"[#x4e2d][#x56fd][#x548c][#x4fc4
][#x7f57][#x65af][#x7684][#x60c5][#x62a5][#x90e8][#x95e8][#x4e00][#x76f4][#x5728
][#x76d1][#x542c][#x7279][#x6717][#x666e][#x603b][#x7edf][#x7684][#x4e2a][#x4eba
][#x82f9][#x679c][#x624b][#x673a]"[#x3002][#x5728][#x6b21][#x65e5][#x5916][#x4ea
4][#x90e8][#x4f8b][#x884c][#x8bb0][#x53d1][#x5e03][#x4f1a][#x4e0a][#xff0c][#x670
9][#x8bb0][#x8005][#x5c31][#x6b64][#x4e8b][#x5411][#x534e][#x6625][#x83b9][#x53d
1][#x95ee][#xff0c][#x534e][#x6625][#x83b9][#x5e7d][#x9ed8][#x5730][#x7ed9][#x51f
a][#x4e86][#x56de][#x5e94][#xff0c][#x8fd8][#x731d][#x4e0d][#x53ca][#x9632][#x573
0][#x7ed9][#x534e][#x4e3a][#x6253][#x4e86][#x6ce2][#x5e7f][#x544a][#x3002][#x4e0
b][#x9762][#xff0c][#x8bf7][#x8ddf][#x53cc][#x8bed][#x541b][#x4e00][#x8d77][#x676
5][#x770b][#x770b][#x5979][#x7684][#x56de][#x5e94][#x5427][#xff01]

The New York Times ran a story on Oct 24 under the headline of When Trump phones
friends, the Chinese and the Russians listen and learn. The story solicited some
unusual responses.

[#x300a][#x7ebd][#x7ea6][#x65f6][#x62a5][#x300b][#x4e0a][#x6708]24[#x65e5][#x4ee
5][#x300a][#x5f53][#x7279][#x6717][#x666e][#x7ed9][#x670b][#x53cb][#x6253][#x753
5][#x8bdd][#x7684][#x65f6][#x5019][#xff0c][#x4e2d][#x56fd][#x548c][#x4fc4][#x7f5
7][#x65af][#x5728][#x76d1][#x542c][#x7814][#x7a76][#x300b][#x4e3a][#x9898][#x53d
1][#x8868][#x4e86][#x4e00][#x7bc7][#x6587][#x7ae0][#x3002][#x6587][#x7ae0][#x5f1
5][#x8d77][#x5404][#x65b9][#x5173][#x6ce8][#x548c][#x56de][#x5e94][#x3002]

It reported that "When President Trump calls old friends on one of his iPhones
to gossip, gripe or solicit their latest take on how he is doing, American
intelligence reports indicate that Chinese spies are often listening - and
putting to use invaluable insights into how to best work the president and
affect administration policy, current and former American officials said."

[#x62a5][#x9053][#x5f15][#x8ff0][#x533f][#x540d][#x7f8e][#x56fd][#x5b98][#x5458]
[#x7684][#x8bdd][#x79f0]"[#x7f8e][#x56fd][#x60c5][#x62a5][#x90e8][#x95e8][#x62a5
][#x544a][#x663e][#x793a][#xff0c][#x5f53][#x7279][#x6717][#x666e][#x7528][#x4ed6
][#x7684][#x65e7][#x82f9][#x679c][#x624b][#x673a][#x7ed9][#x4ed6][#x7684][#x8001
][#x670b][#x53cb][#x6253][#x7535][#x8bdd][#x65f6][#xff0c][#x4e0d][#x7ba1][#x662f
][#x5728][#x516b][#x5366][#x3001][#x62b1][#x6028][#x6216][#x5f81][#x6c42][#x610f
][#x89c1][#xff0c][#x4e2d][#x56fd][#x7684][#x60c5][#x62a5][#x7ec4][#x7ec7][#x90fd
][#x5728][#x7a83][#x542c][#xff0c][#x4ee5][#x4fbf][#x4e86][#x89e3][#x5982][#x4f55
][#x66f4][#x597d][#x5730][#x5f71][#x54cd][#x7279][#x6717][#x666e][#x4ee5][#x53ca
][#x7f8e][#x56fd][#x653f][#x5e9c][#x653f][#x7b56][#x3002]"

At a regular press conference of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs on Oct 25, a
reporter asked Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying to comment on the
report.

[#x6b21][#x65e5][#xff0c][#x5728][#x5916][#x4ea4][#x90e8][#x4f8b][#x884c][#x8bb0]
[#x8005][#x4f1a][#x4e0a][#xff0c][#x6709][#x8bb0][#x8005][#x5c31][#x6b64][#x4e8b]
[#x5411][#x5916][#x4ea4][#x90e8][#x53d1][#x8a00][#x4eba][#x534e][#x6625][#x83b9]
[#x53d1][#x95ee][#xff0c][#x8bf7][#x5979][#x5bf9][#x6b64][#x4f5c][#x51fa][#x8bc4]
[#x4ef7][#x3002]

"Reading this report," Hua said, "I feel that today in the United States there
really are some people who are doing their utmost to win best script at the
Oscars. If possible, I have three pieces of advice for them.

[#x534e][#x6625][#x83b9][#x56de][#x5e94][#x9053][#xff1a]"[#x6211][#x4e5f][#x770b
][#x5230][#x4e86][#x4f60][#x63d0][#x5230][#x7684][#x300a][#x7ebd][#x7ea6][#x65f6
][#x62a5][#x300b][#x7684][#x8fd9][#x7bc7][#x62a5][#x9053][#xff0c][#x611f][#x89c9
][#x73b0][#x5728][#x7f8e][#x56fd][#x6709][#x4e9b][#x4eba][#x771f][#x7684][#x662f
][#x60f3][#x4e0d][#x9057][#x4f59][#x529b][#x5730][#x89d2][#x9010][#x5965][#x65af
][#x5361][#x6700][#x4f73][#x5267][#x672c][#x5956][#x3002][#x5982][#x679c][#x53ef
][#x4ee5][#x7684][#x8bdd][#xff0c][#x6211][#x6709][#x4e09][#x4e2a][#x5efa][#x8bae
][#x3002]"

"Firstly, the New York Times should have known that releasing such kind of
report would only add to evidence that it was fabricating news."

"[#x7b2c][#x4e00][#x3001][#x300a][#x7ebd][#x7ea6][#x65f6][#x62a5][#x300b][#x5e94
][#x8be5][#x77e5][#x9053][#x5b83][#x53d1][#x8868][#x7c7b][#x4f3c][#x62a5][#x9053
][#xff0c][#x53ea][#x4f1a][#x591a][#x4e00][#x4e2a][#x5176][#x505a][#x5047][#x65b0
][#x95fb][#x7684][#x8bc1][#x636e][#x3002]"

"Secondly, if they are really very worried about Apple phones being bugged, then
they can change to using Huawei.

"[#x7b2c][#x4e8c][#x3001][#x5982][#x679c][#x5f88][#x62c5][#x5fc3][#x82f9][#x679c
][#x624b][#x673a][#x88ab][#x7a83][#x542c][#x7684][#x8bdd][#xff0c][#x53ef][#x4ee5
][#x6539][#x7528][#x534e][#x4e3a][#x624b][#x673a][#x3002]"

"Thirdly, if they are still not at ease, then in order to have an entirely
secure device, they can stop using all forms of modern communication devices and
cut off all ties with the outside world."

"[#x7b2c][#x4e09][#x3001][#x5982][#x679c][#x8fd8][#x89c9][#x5f97][#x4e0d][#x653e
][#x5fc3][#xff0c][#x4e3a][#x4e86][#x7edd][#x5bf9][#x5b89][#x5168][#x8d77][#x89c1
][#xff0c][#x53ef][#x4ee5][#x505c][#x6b62][#x4f7f][#x7528][#x4efb][#x4f55][#x73b0
][#x4ee3][#x901a][#x8baf][#x8bbe][#x5907][#xff0c][#x65ad][#x7edd][#x4e0e][#x5916
][#x754c][#x6240][#x6709][#x8054][#x7cfb][#x3002]"

Thereafter, US President Donald Trump posted on his social networking platform
that "The New York Times has a new Fake Story that now the Russians and Chinese
(glad they finally added China) are listening to all of my calls on cellphones.
Except that I rarely use a cellphone, and when I do, it's government authorized.
I like Hard Lines. Just more made up Fake News!"

[#x968f][#x540e][#xff0c][#x7279][#x6717][#x666e][#x5728][#x5176][#x793e][#x4ea4]
[#x5a92][#x4f53][#x4e0a][#x53d1][#x5e16][#x3002][#x4ed6][#x8bf4][#xff1a]"[#x300a
][#x7ebd][#x7ea6][#x65f6][#x62a5][#x300b][#x53c8][#x6709][#x4e86][#x4e00][#x4e2a
][#x65b0][#x7684][#x5047][#x65b0][#x95fb][#x3002][#x8bf4][#x4fc4][#x7f57][#x65af
][#x548c][#x4e2d][#x56fd][#xff08][#x5f88][#x9ad8][#x5174][#x4ed6][#x4eec][#x7ec8
][#x4e8e][#x628a][#x4e2d][#x56fd][#x52a0][#x8fdb][#x6765][#x4e86][#xff09][#x6b63
][#x5728][#x76d1][#x542c][#x6211][#x6240][#x6709][#x7684][#x624b][#x673a][#x901a
][#x8bdd][#x3002][#x4f46][#x662f][#x6211][#x6839][#x672c][#x4e0d][#x600e][#x4e48
][#x7528][#x624b][#x673a][#xff0c][#x5c31][#x7b97][#x7528][#x4e5f][#x662f][#x5728
][#x653f][#x5e9c][#x8bb8][#x53ef][#x4e4b][#x540e][#x3002][#x6211][#x559c][#x6b22
][#x56fa][#x5b9a][#x7535][#x8bdd][#x3002][#x8ba9][#x5047][#x65b0][#x95fb][#x6765
][#x5f97][#x66f4][#x731b][#x70c8][#x4e9b][#x5427][#xff01]"

The BBC ran a story headlined "China says Trump should swap iPhone for Huawei
amid bugging claim".

[#x82f1][#x56fd][#x5e7f][#x64ad][#x516c][#x53f8][#x4e5f][#x5c31][#x6b64][#x53d1]
[#x8868][#x4e86][#x4e00][#x7bc7][#x6587][#x7ae0][#xff0c][#x9898][#x4e3a][#x300a]
[#x5728][#x7279][#x6717][#x666e][#x624b][#x673a][#x7684][#x76d1][#x542c][#x804c]
[#x8d23][#x4e2d][#xff0c][#x4e2d][#x56fd][#x5efa][#x8bae][#x4ed6][#x628a][#x82f9]
[#x679c][#x6362][#x6210][#x534e][#x4e3a][#x300b][#x3002]

Reuters' story had a headline of Worried about Trump iPhone eavesdroppers? China
recommends a Huawei.

[#x8def][#x900f][#x793e][#x7684][#x6587][#x7ae0][#x6807][#x9898][#x4e3a][#x300a]
[#x7279][#x6717][#x666e][#x82f9][#x679c][#x624b][#x673a][#x7591][#x88ab][#x7a83]
[#x542c][#xff0c][#x4e2d][#x56fd][#x5efa][#x8bae][#x5176][#x6539][#x7528][#x534e]
[#x4e3a][#x300b][#x3002]

Netizens also submitted some offbeat responses on social media platforms.

[#x5728][#x793e][#x4ea4][#x5a92][#x4f53][#x4e0a][#xff0c][#x6b64][#x4e8b][#x4e5f]
[#x5f15][#x53d1][#x7f51][#x53cb][#x70ed][#x8bae][#x3002]

Louis Ferreira said, "The best joke ever, to remind us that we are in the era of
globalization."

[#x7f51][#x53cb]Louis
Ferreira[#x8bc4][#x4ef7][#x9053][#xff1a]"[#x8fd9][#x771f][#x662f][#x53f2][#x4e0a
][#x6700][#x68d2][#x7684][#x7b11][#x8bdd][#xff0c][#x63d0][#x9192][#x6211][#x4eec
][#x751f][#x6d3b][#x5728][#x5168][#x7403][#x5316][#x7684][#x65f6][#x4ee3][#x3002
]"

Magdalena said, "Oh she's funny. That's nice."

"[#x554a][#xff0c][#x5979][#x771f][#x5e7d][#x9ed8][#x3002][#x6709][#x8da3][#x7684
][#x8bf4][#x6cd5][#x3002]"

Jim Moore said, "Hate to say it, but good one..."

[#x7f51][#x53cb]Jim
Moore[#x8bf4][#x9053][#xff1a]"[#x771f][#x4e0d][#x60f3][#x627f][#x8ba4][#xff0c][#
x4f46][#x8fd9][#x56de][#x5e94][#x771f][#x4e0d][#x8d56]......"

(China Daily 11/02/2018 page22)


                             583 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 1, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: A THEATER IN YOUR POCKET

BYLINE: Xu Fan

BODY:

A new app enables film-lovers to view movies showing in cinemas without having
to physically visit the theater.

A new app claims to be the first to offer online-cinema experience, Xu Fan
reports.

A new app enables film-lovers to view movies showing in cinemas without having
to physically visit the theater.

The app, Smart Cinema, claims to be the first of its kind in the world. It made
a splash at the ongoing 14th Chinese American Film Festival that kicked off in
Los Angeles on Sunday.

Smart Cinema, which was launched on May 9, is a pilot project to develop new
ways of screening movies, initiated by the country's top film regulator, the
China Film Administration, in 2014.

The app was developed by industry veteran Jack Gao's startup, Beijing Times
Digiwork Films Technology Co Ltd.

It's different from other streaming sites and apps in that the films can be
viewed while they're still in theaters, rather than after. Movies become
unavailable when the licensing permits run out, usually about a month after
purchase. Tickets average 25 yuan ($3.6).

There are no time or space limitations. But it can't connect to large screens -
a feature intended to prevent piracy.

Gao says the product is inspired by his overseas career and his observation of
China's booming internet industry. He was previously vice-president at Dalian
Wanda and interim head of Legendary Entertainment.

"I've spent most of my time abroad over the past three years," Gao says.

"I helped Wanda build the world's largest cinema chain, with 12,000 screens in
15 countries. I was also a part of Wanda's acquisition of Legendary."

Gao discovered that overseas Chinese crave domestic films, which are rarely
screened abroad.

China's box office generated nearly 56 billion yuan last year. But only 4.2
billion of that, or nearly 8 percent, came from overseas markets.

About 60 million Chinese live abroad, the State Council's Overseas Chinese
Affairs Office's data show.

"The overseas market could be huge," Gao says.

"Chinese who've immigrated to, or are visiting, foreign countries have a
stronger sense of nostalgia than compatriots who've remained in China."

Smart Cinema is available in a pre-installed app on phones produced by Huawei
Technologies Co Ltd, the world's second-largest smartphone maker.

Over 20 films are scheduled for release on the app for users in Spain and Italy.
The digital releases will expand to include more countries in Europe and North
America.

The first batch of films targeting Western viewers includes Red Paper-Cut, which
centers on a 9-year-old girl with a disability, and Crying to Marry, which
recounts the story of a brave ethnic Tu bride, who sacrifices her life to
protect Red Army soldiers.

But some industry insiders have expressed their concern that the app may lead to
a fall in the number of people who actually visit cinemas.

"There's no need to worry about that," Gao says.

"We're not a competitor of traditional cinemas. We're a supplement."

Most of the films now running on Smart Cinema are comparatively low-budget
arthouse features that struggle to compete with Hollywood blockbusters or
domestic tentpoles.

For instance, The Taste of Apple, a biographical drama based on the true story
of agriculturist Li Baoguo, was released on only 0.7 percent of all urban cinema
screens in early August. A blockbuster typically occupies 30 percent of
screenings on its premiere day.

China has 58,530 screens in 10,417 cinemas on the mainland.

"But it's really a good movie that deserves more screenings," Gao says.

"The film tells a very touching story about how Li was dedicated to helping
residents of Gangdi, Hebei province, overcome poverty."

He recalls the distribution team releasing the film in Gangdi village. The
village has no cinema, and it takes at least three hours to reach the nearest
town with a movie theater.

And despite China having the most cinema screens on Earth, many rural or
mountainous areas in the country don't have theaters.

Over 900 counties have only one cinema, and more than 300 towns have none,
Chinese Minority Writers' Society secretary-general Zhao Yanbiao says.

"(Smart Cinema) will be good news for people who want to watch films but live in
an area without a cinema," Zhao says.

The China Promotion of Minority Culture & Art Association's film and TV
committee recently signed a cooperative agreement with Smart Cinema in Beijing
to promote ethnic films at home and abroad.

Also, China's top movie regulator gave screening permits to 970 films last year,
but only 412 films, or 42 percent, were generally released in theaters.

China has 802 million internet users, who account for nearly 60 percent of the
country's population, the China Internet Network Information Center's latest
figures show. And 98.3 percent of China's netizens use smartphones to surf the
web.

Gao says he believes online cinemas will become a trend. He predicts the new
screening model will push China's box office total beyond 100 billion yuan in
2020.

Contact the writer at xufan@chinadaily.com.cn

Red Paper-Cut (top) and Crying to Marry (above) are among the first batch of
digitally released Chinese films targeting Western viewers. Smart Cinema is
available in a pre-installed app on phones produced by Huawei Technologies,
which operates in about 170 countries and regions. Photos provided to China
Daily

(China Daily 11/01/2018 page20)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/44/154104046589.jpg

a41f726b05111d448efa1d.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/81/154104046630.jpg

a41f726b05111d448edf1c.jpg


                             584 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 1, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Royole unveils foldable device

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Royole Corp, a manufacturer of flexible displays and smart devices, unveiled a
large-screen foldable device on Wednesday, which can be bent and rolled to
function both as a smartphone and tablet.

The product, known as the FlexPai, is equipped with the Shenzhen-based company's
latest flexible display technology. The 7.8-inch high-resolution screen is 7.6
millimeters thick and can be bent over 200,000 times.

Bill Liu, founder of Royole, said at a product launch in Beijing that the
FlexPai, priced from 8,999 yuan ($1,290), is designed so consumers need not buy
smartphones and tablets at the same time.

Liu said he hopes the company's ultra-thin, transparent and flexible
electronics, including displays and sensors, will help reshape the future of
smart home, automotive, consumer electronics and wearable products.

To achieve that objective, Royole also said on Wednesday that it will invest 200
million yuan to encourage startups to create more content including games for
the company's new device.

Royole attracted global attention in 2014 when it released the world's thinnest
full-color AMOLED flexible display screen, which can be bent or rolled.

The company started mass production of its flexible displays in June after it
spent two years and invested 11 billion yuan in building an advanced plant in
Shenzhen, Guangdong province.

The factory is designed to turn out 50 million flexible display units at full
capacity each year. The production capacity enables the commercial application
of such screens on the FlexPai, which can be ordered from Thursday.

The six-year-old company has completed rounds of financing from investors
including IDG Capital Partners, and is valued at about $5 billion.

Royole is among a growing number of Chinese companies that are investing heavily
in flexible screen technology in a bid to overcome the South Korean monopoly in
the field.

BOE Technology Group Co Ltd, a Beijing-based supplier of display products and
solutions, is also working in the field. Its display panels have already been
delivered to more than 10 smartphone manufacturers including Huawei Technologies
Co Ltd.

Geng Yi, deputy secretary-general of the China OLED Industry Alliance, said core
screen technology used to be dominated by Japanese and South Korean companies.
But as domestic brands endeavored to boost their research and development
capabilities, they started catching up and expanded their production capacity.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 11/01/2018 page13)


                             585 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 1, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Nation needs own tech know-how to control its own fate

BODY:

Editor's note: Some Chinese entrepreneurs no longer regard the Silicon Valley as
the Holy Land for innovation, because of the flourishing of dozens of innovation
centers at home, comments Niutanqin, a popular columnist, in a post. Excerpts:

Although their scale and influence may still be incomparable to that of Silicon
Valley in the United States, China's innovation centers have shown a strong
development momentum.

Many Westerners still think made-in-China means cheap copycats, but the number
of world-class enterprises from China has increased steadily over recent years,
and they are reshaping the country's industrial and business landscape slowly
but surely.

The number of Chinese enterprises among the Fortune magazine's world top 500
companies has increased from 35 a decade ago to 120 this year. And many of them,
such as Huawei and Alibaba, are successful private companies with global
influence.

The advancement of the internet and relevant information technology provides
Chinese enterprises with golden opportunities to compete with the industrialized
countries in the ongoing technology revolution.

According to CB Insights, a US venture capital investment research agency, the
number of Chinese "unicorn enterprises" - tech startups with a $1 billion dollar
market value - surpassed that of the European Union in 2015, and is shortening
the gap with the United States quickly. By the end of January, more than 36
percent of "unicorn enterprises" in the world were Chinese.

Nevertheless, the Chinese people are well aware that the country remains weak in
many core technologies even in some of its competitive industries.

Thanks to the ongoing trade frictions with the US, China is focusing more
attention to developing independent core technologies. A national consensus has
been formed that only through seizing the know-how firmly in its own hands can
the nation control its own fate.

(China Daily 11/01/2018 page8)


                             586 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 1, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Ideological bias keeping Australia mired in the past

BODY:

Suspicion, mistrust and hostility are the messages that China continues to
receive from Australia. Admittedly this could be a legacy of the poisonous
atmosphere which was fostered by the previous administration of prime minister
Malcolm Turnbull. But the longer this climate of prejudice persists, the more it
will erode the basis for ties between the two countries.

The latest Australian accusations are once again targeted at Chinese
telecommunications companies doing business in Australia and normal academic
exchanges with Australian institutes.

Critical infrastructure such as electricity grids, water supplies and hospitals
could not be adequately safeguarded if Chinese-owned telecommunications giants
were involved in Australia's new 5G network, claimed Mike Burgess, the
director-general of the Australian Signals Directorate in a speech in Canberra
on Monday.

While he did not mention them by name, Huawei and ZTE are the two vendors he
called high risk. Both of the enterprises have been smeared in this way before.

And in another development that will aggravate the simmering frictions between
the two countries, a researcher at the Australian Strategic Policy Institute
claimed that some Chinese scientists hide their military backgrounds to work on
sensitive research programs, such as navigation and missile technology, at
Australian universities.

Clearly, these wild and unsupported accusations have their roots in concern
about China's development and the eagerness of Canberra to keep Washington sweet
by backing the US administration in its bid to curb China's technological
progress. Particularly in 5G, which is regarded as the future economic high
ground, and one where Washington is desperate to plant the flag.

Fortunately, not all Australians share that concern or objective. The state of
Victoria, undaunted by the cold shoulder still being shown to China, has decided
to trust its own judgment and has just signed up to participate in China's Belt
and Road Initiative.

Also the China Institute with the University of Technology Sydney said in a
report on Monday that playing up a China threat does not conform to Australia's
interests. Even some members of Prime Minister Scott Morrison's government have
made favorable remarks on developing ties with China since taking office in
August, so bilateral relations are not entirely shrouded in doom and gloom.

But for this desirable upside to gather momentum, more people in Australia need
to appreciate that China's continued development is an opportunity, not a
threat.

Discriminatory measures based on manufactured excuses are the product of a
lingering ideological bias that is long past its sell-by date. Canberra should
follow Victoria's lead and embrace the cooperative trend of the times.

(China Daily 11/01/2018 page8)


                             587 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 1, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: A THEATER IN YOUR POCKET

BYLINE: Xu Fan

BODY:

A new app enables film-lovers to view movies showing in cinemas without having
to physically visit the theater.

A new app claims to be the first to offer online-cinema experience, Xu Fan
reports.

A new app enables film-lovers to view movies showing in cinemas without having
to physically visit the theater.

The app, Smart Cinema, claims to be the first of its kind in the world. It made
a splash at the ongoing 14th Chinese American Film Festival that kicked off in
Los Angeles on Sunday.

Smart Cinema, which was launched on May 9, is a pilot project to develop new
ways of screening movies, initiated by the country's top film regulator, the
China Film Administration, in 2014.

The app was developed by industry veteran Jack Gao's startup, Beijing Times
Digiwork Films Technology Co Ltd.

It's different from other streaming sites and apps in that the films can be
viewed while they're still in theaters, rather than after. Movies become
unavailable when the licensing permits run out, usually about a month after
purchase. Tickets average 25 yuan ($3.6).

There are no time or space limitations. But it can't connect to large screens -
a feature intended to prevent piracy.

Gao says the product is inspired by his overseas career and his observation of
China's booming internet industry. He was previously vice-president at Dalian
Wanda and interim head of Legendary Entertainment.

"I've spent most of my time abroad over the past three years," Gao says.

"I helped Wanda build the world's largest cinema chain, with 12,000 screens in
15 countries. I was also a part of Wanda's acquisition of Legendary."

Gao discovered that overseas Chinese crave domestic films, which are rarely
screened abroad.

China's box office generated nearly 56 billion yuan last year. But only 4.2
billion of that, or nearly 8 percent, came from overseas markets.

About 60 million Chinese live abroad, the State Council's Overseas Chinese
Affairs Office's data show.

"The overseas market could be huge," Gao says.

"Chinese who've immigrated to, or are visiting, foreign countries have a
stronger sense of nostalgia than compatriots who've remained in China."

Smart Cinema is available in a pre-installed app on phones produced by Huawei
Technologies Co Ltd, the world's second-largest smartphone maker.

Over 20 films are scheduled for release on the app for users in Spain and Italy.
The digital releases will expand to include more countries in Europe and North
America.

The first batch of films targeting Western viewers includes Red Paper-Cut, which
centers on a 9-year-old girl with a disability, and Crying to Marry, which
recounts the story of a brave ethnic Tu bride, who sacrifices her life to
protect Red Army soldiers.

But some industry insiders have expressed their concern that the app may lead to
a fall in the number of people who actually visit cinemas.

"There's no need to worry about that," Gao says.

"We're not a competitor of traditional cinemas. We're a supplement."

Most of the films now running on Smart Cinema are comparatively low-budget
arthouse features that struggle to compete with Hollywood blockbusters or
domestic tentpoles.

For instance, The Taste of Apple, a biographical drama based on the true story
of agriculturist Li Baoguo, was released on only 0.7 percent of all urban cinema
screens in early August. A blockbuster typically occupies 30 percent of
screenings on its premiere day.

China has 58,530 screens in 10,417 cinemas on the mainland.

"But it's really a good movie that deserves more screenings," Gao says.

"The film tells a very touching story about how Li was dedicated to helping
residents of Gangdi, Hebei province, overcome poverty."

He recalls the distribution team releasing the film in Gangdi village. The
village has no cinema, and it takes at least three hours to reach the nearest
town with a movie theater.

And despite China having the most cinema screens on Earth, many rural or
mountainous areas in the country don't have theaters.

Over 900 counties have only one cinema, and more than 300 towns have none,
Chinese Minority Writers' Society secretary-general Zhao Yanbiao says.

"(Smart Cinema) will be good news for people who want to watch films but live in
an area without a cinema," Zhao says.

The China Promotion of Minority Culture & Art Association's film and TV
committee recently signed a cooperative agreement with Smart Cinema in Beijing
to promote ethnic films at home and abroad.

Also, China's top movie regulator gave screening permits to 970 films last year,
but only 412 films, or 42 percent, were generally released in theaters.

China has 802 million internet users, who account for nearly 60 percent of the
country's population, the China Internet Network Information Center's latest
figures show. And 98.3 percent of China's netizens use smartphones to surf the
web.

Gao says he believes online cinemas will become a trend. He predicts the new
screening model will push China's box office total beyond 100 billion yuan in
2020.

Contact the writer at xufan@chinadaily.com.cn

Red Paper-Cut (top) and Crying to Marry (above) are among the first batch of
digitally released Chinese films targeting Western viewers. Smart Cinema is
available in a pre-installed app on phones produced by Huawei Technologies,
which operates in about 170 countries and regions. Photos provided to China
Daily

(China Daily 11/01/2018 page20)


                             588 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 1, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Royole unveils foldable device

BYLINE: Ma Si

BODY:

Royole Corp, a manufacturer of flexible displays and smart devices, unveiled a
large-screen foldable device on Wednesday, which can be bent and rolled to
function both as a smartphone and tablet.

The product, known as the FlexPai, is equipped with the Shenzhen-based company's
latest flexible display technology. The 7.8-inch high-resolution screen is 7.6
millimeters thick and can be bent over 200,000 times.

Bill Liu, founder of Royole, said at a product launch in Beijing that the
FlexPai, priced from 8,999 yuan ($1,290), is designed so consumers need not buy
smartphones and tablets at the same time.

Liu said he hopes the company's ultra-thin, transparent and flexible
electronics, including displays and sensors, will help reshape the future of
smart home, automotive, consumer electronics and wearable products.

To achieve that objective, Royole also said on Wednesday that it will invest 200
million yuan to encourage startups to create more content including games for
the company's new device.

Royole attracted global attention in 2014 when it released the world's thinnest
full-color AMOLED flexible display screen, which can be bent or rolled.

The company started mass production of its flexible displays in June after it
spent two years and invested 11 billion yuan in building an advanced plant in
Shenzhen, Guangdong province.

The factory is designed to turn out 50 million flexible display units at full
capacity each year. The production capacity enables the commercial application
of such screens on the FlexPai, which can be ordered from Thursday.

The six-year-old company has completed rounds of financing from investors
including IDG Capital Partners, and is valued at about $5 billion.

Royole is among a growing number of Chinese companies that are investing heavily
in flexible screen technology in a bid to overcome the South Korean monopoly in
the field.

BOE Technology Group Co Ltd, a Beijing-based supplier of display products and
solutions, is also working in the field. Its display panels have already been
delivered to more than 10 smartphone manufacturers including Huawei Technologies
Co Ltd.

Geng Yi, deputy secretary-general of the China OLED Industry Alliance, said core
screen technology used to be dominated by Japanese and South Korean companies.
But as domestic brands endeavored to boost their research and development
capabilities, they started catching up and expanded their production capacity.

masi@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 11/01/2018 page13)


                             589 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 1, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Nation needs own tech know-how to control its own fate

BODY:

Editor's note: Some Chinese entrepreneurs no longer regard the Silicon Valley as
the Holy Land for innovation, because of the flourishing of dozens of innovation
centers at home, comments Niutanqin, a popular columnist, in a post. Excerpts:

Although their scale and influence may still be incomparable to that of Silicon
Valley in the United States, China's innovation centers have shown a strong
development momentum.

Many Westerners still think made-in-China means cheap copycats, but the number
of world-class enterprises from China has increased steadily over recent years,
and they are reshaping the country's industrial and business landscape slowly
but surely.

The number of Chinese enterprises among the Fortune magazine's world top 500
companies has increased from 35 a decade ago to 120 this year. And many of them,
such as Huawei and Alibaba, are successful private companies with global
influence.

The advancement of the internet and relevant information technology provides
Chinese enterprises with golden opportunities to compete with the industrialized
countries in the ongoing technology revolution.

According to CB Insights, a US venture capital investment research agency, the
number of Chinese "unicorn enterprises" - tech startups with a $1 billion dollar
market value - surpassed that of the European Union in 2015, and is shortening
the gap with the United States quickly. By the end of January, more than 36
percent of "unicorn enterprises" in the world were Chinese.

Nevertheless, the Chinese people are well aware that the country remains weak in
many core technologies even in some of its competitive industries.

Thanks to the ongoing trade frictions with the US, China is focusing more
attention to developing independent core technologies. A national consensus has
been formed that only through seizing the know-how firmly in its own hands can
the nation control its own fate.

(China Daily 11/01/2018 page8)


                             590 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 1, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: Ideological bias keeping Australia mired in the past

BODY:

Suspicion, mistrust and hostility are the messages that China continues to
receive from Australia. Admittedly this could be a legacy of the poisonous
atmosphere which was fostered by the previous administration of prime minister
Malcolm Turnbull. But the longer this climate of prejudice persists, the more it
will erode the basis for ties between the two countries.

The latest Australian accusations are once again targeted at Chinese
telecommunications companies doing business in Australia and normal academic
exchanges with Australian institutes.

Critical infrastructure such as electricity grids, water supplies and hospitals
could not be adequately safeguarded if Chinese-owned telecommunications giants
were involved in Australia's new 5G network, claimed Mike Burgess, the
director-general of the Australian Signals Directorate in a speech in Canberra
on Monday.

While he did not mention them by name, Huawei and ZTE are the two vendors he
called high risk. Both of the enterprises have been smeared in this way before.

And in another development that will aggravate the simmering frictions between
the two countries, a researcher at the Australian Strategic Policy Institute
claimed that some Chinese scientists hide their military backgrounds to work on
sensitive research programs, such as navigation and missile technology, at
Australian universities.

Clearly, these wild and unsupported accusations have their roots in concern
about China's development and the eagerness of Canberra to keep Washington sweet
by backing the US administration in its bid to curb China's technological
progress. Particularly in 5G, which is regarded as the future economic high
ground, and one where Washington is desperate to plant the flag.

Fortunately, not all Australians share that concern or objective. The state of
Victoria, undaunted by the cold shoulder still being shown to China, has decided
to trust its own judgment and has just signed up to participate in China's Belt
and Road Initiative.

Also the China Institute with the University of Technology Sydney said in a
report on Monday that playing up a China threat does not conform to Australia's
interests. Even some members of Prime Minister Scott Morrison's government have
made favorable remarks on developing ties with China since taking office in
August, so bilateral relations are not entirely shrouded in doom and gloom.

But for this desirable upside to gather momentum, more people in Australia need
to appreciate that China's continued development is an opportunity, not a
threat.

Discriminatory measures based on manufactured excuses are the product of a
lingering ideological bias that is long past its sell-by date. Canberra should
follow Victoria's lead and embrace the cooperative trend of the times.

(China Daily 11/01/2018 page8)


                             591 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           November 1, 2018 Thursday

HEADLINE: A THEATER IN YOUR POCKET

BYLINE: Xu Fan

BODY:

A new app enables film-lovers to view movies showing in cinemas without having
to physically visit the theater.

A new app claims to be the first to offer online-cinema experience, Xu Fan
reports.

A new app enables film-lovers to view movies showing in cinemas without having
to physically visit the theater.

The app, Smart Cinema, claims to be the first of its kind in the world. It made
a splash at the ongoing 14th Chinese American Film Festival that kicked off in
Los Angeles on Sunday.

Smart Cinema, which was launched on May 9, is a pilot project to develop new
ways of screening movies, initiated by the country's top film regulator, the
China Film Administration, in 2014.

The app was developed by industry veteran Jack Gao's startup, Beijing Times
Digiwork Films Technology Co Ltd.

It's different from other streaming sites and apps in that the films can be
viewed while they're still in theaters, rather than after. Movies become
unavailable when the licensing permits run out, usually about a month after
purchase. Tickets average 25 yuan ($3.6).

There are no time or space limitations. But it can't connect to large screens -
a feature intended to prevent piracy.

Gao says the product is inspired by his overseas career and his observation of
China's booming internet industry. He was previously vice-president at Dalian
Wanda and interim head of Legendary Entertainment.

"I've spent most of my time abroad over the past three years," Gao says.

"I helped Wanda build the world's largest cinema chain, with 12,000 screens in
15 countries. I was also a part of Wanda's acquisition of Legendary."

Gao discovered that overseas Chinese crave domestic films, which are rarely
screened abroad.

China's box office generated nearly 56 billion yuan last year. But only 4.2
billion of that, or nearly 8 percent, came from overseas markets.

About 60 million Chinese live abroad, the State Council's Overseas Chinese
Affairs Office's data show.

"The overseas market could be huge," Gao says.

"Chinese who've immigrated to, or are visiting, foreign countries have a
stronger sense of nostalgia than compatriots who've remained in China."

Smart Cinema is available in a pre-installed app on phones produced by Huawei
Technologies Co Ltd, the world's second-largest smartphone maker.

Over 20 films are scheduled for release on the app for users in Spain and Italy.
The digital releases will expand to include more countries in Europe and North
America.

The first batch of films targeting Western viewers includes Red Paper-Cut, which
centers on a 9-year-old girl with a disability, and Crying to Marry, which
recounts the story of a brave ethnic Tu bride, who sacrifices her life to
protect Red Army soldiers.

But some industry insiders have expressed their concern that the app may lead to
a fall in the number of people who actually visit cinemas.

"There's no need to worry about that," Gao says.

"We're not a competitor of traditional cinemas. We're a supplement."

Most of the films now running on Smart Cinema are comparatively low-budget
arthouse features that struggle to compete with Hollywood blockbusters or
domestic tentpoles.

For instance, The Taste of Apple, a biographical drama based on the true story
of agriculturist Li Baoguo, was released on only 0.7 percent of all urban cinema
screens in early August. A blockbuster typically occupies 30 percent of
screenings on its premiere day.

China has 58,530 screens in 10,417 cinemas on the mainland.

"But it's really a good movie that deserves more screenings," Gao says.

"The film tells a very touching story about how Li was dedicated to helping
residents of Gangdi, Hebei province, overcome poverty."

He recalls the distribution team releasing the film in Gangdi village. The
village has no cinema, and it takes at least three hours to reach the nearest
town with a movie theater.

And despite China having the most cinema screens on Earth, many rural or
mountainous areas in the country don't have theaters.

Over 900 counties have only one cinema, and more than 300 towns have none,
Chinese Minority Writers' Society secretary-general Zhao Yanbiao says.

"(Smart Cinema) will be good news for people who want to watch films but live in
an area without a cinema," Zhao says.

The China Promotion of Minority Culture & Art Association's film and TV
committee recently signed a cooperative agreement with Smart Cinema in Beijing
to promote ethnic films at home and abroad.

Also, China's top movie regulator gave screening permits to 970 films last year,
but only 412 films, or 42 percent, were generally released in theaters.

China has 802 million internet users, who account for nearly 60 percent of the
country's population, the China Internet Network Information Center's latest
figures show. And 98.3 percent of China's netizens use smartphones to surf the
web.

Gao says he believes online cinemas will become a trend. He predicts the new
screening model will push China's box office total beyond 100 billion yuan in
2020.

Contact the writer at xufan@chinadaily.com.cn

Red Paper-Cut (top) and Crying to Marry (above) are among the first batch of
digitally released Chinese films targeting Western viewers. Smart Cinema is
available in a pre-installed app on phones produced by Huawei Technologies,
which operates in about 170 countries and regions. Photos provided to China
Daily

(China Daily 11/01/2018 page20)


                             592 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           October 31, 2018 Wednesday

HEADLINE: To boldly go into a future on an amazing trek of discovery

BYLINE: David Blair

BODY:

I was 10 years old in 1966, when the original Star Trek television series first
ran. This was the time of the moon race, when everyone predicted that we were at
the start of a new space age. My family lived in Florida and an uncle worked at
Cape Canaveral, so, of course, I dreamed of growing up to be an astronaut.
Almost none of those dreams - personal or societal - have come true. After all,
I'm not writing this from my office on the moon.

Unlike the current, brain-dead, shoot-em-up movies, the original Star Trek
series was deeply philosophical. It pictured alternative societies - both
utopias and dystopias. But, the thing that really attracted me as a teenager was
the Star Fleet Academy - a university for future Star Fleet officers. Maybe, it
would be up and running by the time I turned 18.

As I got older, I became more interested in the Vulcan Science Academy - a
research institution located on the planet Vulcan. Graduates of the VSA could
solve any technical or scientific problem within the hourlong TV episode.

I had no luck getting into either Star Fleet or the VSA, but I've recently had
the pleasure of visiting a number of impressive research academies in China.
These are specialized research centers, funded by both the central government
and provincial governments. They are mostly separate from universities -
although they do have doctoral students.

In the United States most of this type of research is done at universities, so
we don't have such organizations that are designed to provide research on social
and economic issues directly to government officials at all levels

For example, the Hunan Academy of Social Sciences, in Changsha, Hunan province,
is doing interesting economic analysis designed to inform both the Hunan
government and the central government about the possible consequences of the
trade war.

I also got a chance to visit the Hunan Hybrid Rice Research Institute, which has
greatly improved the yield of rice, feeding hundreds of millions around the
world. In Hebei province, the Zhangjiakou Academy of Agricultural Sciences is
making similar improvements in the yield of millet. Both organizations are
working to make those advances available to farmers in Africa. The UN Food and
Agriculture Organization said that five research organizations in China are key
components of its South-South Cooperation program.

The Chinese Academy of Sciences includes 104 research institutes with leading
researchers in all sciences. I had the opportunity to visit the Institute of
Vertebrate Paleontology and Paleoanthropology, which is advancing the new
science of using ancient DNA to explore human history.

China is working to upgrade its manufacturing, produce more high value-added
products, and become a leader in technological innovation.

In a 2017 speech to the CAS, Premier Li Keqiang said: "Manufacturing is the key
to the nation's economic development, and the economic restructuring requires
making the sector stronger. But the sector is still on the low-to-medium tier
compared with other leading countries, thus it is vital to improve the quality
and upgrade to increase competitiveness.

"The upgrade depends on innovations, and manufacturers should make technological
breakthroughs by focusing on quality and branding and using top manufacturing
countries as bench marks."

Private companies are essential to this effort. For example, Alibaba, iFlytek,
and others are pushing the boundaries of artificial intelligence, and Huawei is
one of the world's leading innovators in 5G.

But, fundamental scientific research is also key to the transformation of the
economy. These research academies, which are present in every large city in the
country, are working with industry to push technology out of the laboratory and
into the economy. I'm still hoping that warp drive is on the agenda.

Contact the writer at davidblair@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 10/31/2018 page22)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/88/154094689221.jpg

a41f726b05111d4337c832.jpg


                             593 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           October 31, 2018 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Smartphone firm OnePlus enters US market

BODY:

A Chinese smartphone company whose high-end products are little known outside a
tech-savvy niche entered the US market on Monday with the backing of two key
local allies - chipmaking giant Qualcomm and mobile operator T-Mobile - and no
questions from US regulators.

The foray by 5-year-old Shenzhen-based OnePlus comes after US mobile carriers
AT&T and Verizon this year backed away from plans to work with China's Huawei on
high-end phones in the face of pressure from the US government, which claims
Huawei is a security risk.

The United States also briefly banned companies from selling goods to ZTE.

But the OnePlus alliance, announced at an event on Monday in New York, shows how
many US-China business relationships, including those involving the most
advanced technologies, are marching ahead despite US-China trade tensions.

T-Mobile said the OnePlus 6T smartphone would launch exclusively at the
carrier's stores on Nov 1 with a starting price of $549, the first time a
OnePlus handset has been sold through a US wireless provider, and a deal that
the firm's larger rivals such as Huawei could not pull off.

While some OnePlus models have been on sale in the US through e-commerce
websites, carrier relationships like the one with T-Mobile are critical because
most US consumers still purchase phones through their carriers.

The partnership will allow OnePlus to sell its smartphones in T-Mobile's over
5,600 stores in the US, giving it wider access to local consumers, according to
the company.

In an interview on Monday, Jon Freier, T-mobile's executive vice-president of US
retail, said the US-China trade battle played no role in this deal and the
carrier has not heard from US regulators. "OnePlus has a sterling reputation,
and we've researched the device and vetted it thoroughly," Freier said.

Xiaomi, a Chinese rival that also focuses on feature-packed phones at bargain
prices, has said it plans to launch in the US next year but did not respond to a
request for comment on whether those plans are still in place.

OnePlus is unusual among Chinese tech companies, which typically focus on
mass-market products for domestic customers. One-Plus, by contrast, only sells
premium phones that cost $400 or more and almost exclusively online except in
India. It derives two-thirds of its revenue from outside China and is the top
seller of premium smartphones in India.

OnePlus is affiliated with OPPO, a Chinese smartphone-maker and a major force in
mid-end phones, which are sold globally and cost about $300. The relationship
helps OnePlus keep its costs low, said Canalys analyst Mo Jia.

According to Chinese company registration records, the two companies have common
shareholders.

Carl Pei, the 29-year-old founder of OnePlus, shrugged off any concerns that US
consumer sentiment would be affected by the China-US trade dispute. "At the end
of the day, all you can control is your own product."

Pei, who was born in China and raised in Sweden, said the brand is
cross-cultural and international: "When we started, we saw that through social
media, you can talk to everyone around the world, as long as you can speak their
language."

Reuters - China Daily

Fans look at a OnePlus 6T phone during a launch event in the Manhattan borough
of New York. Liang Shuang / For China Daily

(China Daily 10/31/2018 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/15/154094690187.jpg

a41f726b05111d43355c12.jpg


                             594 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           October 31, 2018 Wednesday

HEADLINE: To boldly go into a future on an amazing trek of discovery

BYLINE: David Blair

BODY:

I was 10 years old in 1966, when the original Star Trek television series first
ran. This was the time of the moon race, when everyone predicted that we were at
the start of a new space age. My family lived in Florida and an uncle worked at
Cape Canaveral, so, of course, I dreamed of growing up to be an astronaut.
Almost none of those dreams - personal or societal - have come true. After all,
I'm not writing this from my office on the moon.

Unlike the current, brain-dead, shoot-em-up movies, the original Star Trek
series was deeply philosophical. It pictured alternative societies - both
utopias and dystopias. But, the thing that really attracted me as a teenager was
the Star Fleet Academy - a university for future Star Fleet officers. Maybe, it
would be up and running by the time I turned 18.

As I got older, I became more interested in the Vulcan Science Academy - a
research institution located on the planet Vulcan. Graduates of the VSA could
solve any technical or scientific problem within the hourlong TV episode.

I had no luck getting into either Star Fleet or the VSA, but I've recently had
the pleasure of visiting a number of impressive research academies in China.
These are specialized research centers, funded by both the central government
and provincial governments. They are mostly separate from universities -
although they do have doctoral students.

In the United States most of this type of research is done at universities, so
we don't have such organizations that are designed to provide research on social
and economic issues directly to government officials at all levels

For example, the Hunan Academy of Social Sciences, in Changsha, Hunan province,
is doing interesting economic analysis designed to inform both the Hunan
government and the central government about the possible consequences of the
trade war.

I also got a chance to visit the Hunan Hybrid Rice Research Institute, which has
greatly improved the yield of rice, feeding hundreds of millions around the
world. In Hebei province, the Zhangjiakou Academy of Agricultural Sciences is
making similar improvements in the yield of millet. Both organizations are
working to make those advances available to farmers in Africa. The UN Food and
Agriculture Organization said that five research organizations in China are key
components of its South-South Cooperation program.

The Chinese Academy of Sciences includes 104 research institutes with leading
researchers in all sciences. I had the opportunity to visit the Institute of
Vertebrate Paleontology and Paleoanthropology, which is advancing the new
science of using ancient DNA to explore human history.

China is working to upgrade its manufacturing, produce more high value-added
products, and become a leader in technological innovation.

In a 2017 speech to the CAS, Premier Li Keqiang said: "Manufacturing is the key
to the nation's economic development, and the economic restructuring requires
making the sector stronger. But the sector is still on the low-to-medium tier
compared with other leading countries, thus it is vital to improve the quality
and upgrade to increase competitiveness.

"The upgrade depends on innovations, and manufacturers should make technological
breakthroughs by focusing on quality and branding and using top manufacturing
countries as bench marks."

Private companies are essential to this effort. For example, Alibaba, iFlytek,
and others are pushing the boundaries of artificial intelligence, and Huawei is
one of the world's leading innovators in 5G.

But, fundamental scientific research is also key to the transformation of the
economy. These research academies, which are present in every large city in the
country, are working with industry to push technology out of the laboratory and
into the economy. I'm still hoping that warp drive is on the agenda.

Contact the writer at davidblair@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 10/31/2018 page22)


                             595 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                           October 31, 2018 Wednesday

HEADLINE: Smartphone firm OnePlus enters US market

BODY:

A Chinese smartphone company whose high-end products are little known outside a
tech-savvy niche entered the US market on Monday with the backing of two key
local allies - chipmaking giant Qualcomm and mobile operator T-Mobile - and no
questions from US regulators.

The foray by 5-year-old Shenzhen-based OnePlus comes after US mobile carriers
AT&T and Verizon this year backed away from plans to work with China's Huawei on
high-end phones in the face of pressure from the US government, which claims
Huawei is a security risk.

The United States also briefly banned companies from selling goods to ZTE.

But the OnePlus alliance, announced at an event on Monday in New York, shows how
many US-China business relationships, including those involving the most
advanced technologies, are marching ahead despite US-China trade tensions.

T-Mobile said the OnePlus 6T smartphone would launch exclusively at the
carrier's stores on Nov 1 with a starting price of $549, the first time a
OnePlus handset has been sold through a US wireless provider, and a deal that
the firm's larger rivals such as Huawei could not pull off.

While some OnePlus models have been on sale in the US through e-commerce
websites, carrier relationships like the one with T-Mobile are critical because
most US consumers still purchase phones through their carriers.

The partnership will allow OnePlus to sell its smartphones in T-Mobile's over
5,600 stores in the US, giving it wider access to local consumers, according to
the company.

In an interview on Monday, Jon Freier, T-mobile's executive vice-president of US
retail, said the US-China trade battle played no role in this deal and the
carrier has not heard from US regulators. "OnePlus has a sterling reputation,
and we've researched the device and vetted it thoroughly," Freier said.

Xiaomi, a Chinese rival that also focuses on feature-packed phones at bargain
prices, has said it plans to launch in the US next year but did not respond to a
request for comment on whether those plans are still in place.

OnePlus is unusual among Chinese tech companies, which typically focus on
mass-market products for domestic customers. One-Plus, by contrast, only sells
premium phones that cost $400 or more and almost exclusively online except in
India. It derives two-thirds of its revenue from outside China and is the top
seller of premium smartphones in India.

OnePlus is affiliated with OPPO, a Chinese smartphone-maker and a major force in
mid-end phones, which are sold globally and cost about $300. The relationship
helps OnePlus keep its costs low, said Canalys analyst Mo Jia.

According to Chinese company registration records, the two companies have common
shareholders.

Carl Pei, the 29-year-old founder of OnePlus, shrugged off any concerns that US
consumer sentiment would be affected by the China-US trade dispute. "At the end
of the day, all you can control is your own product."

Pei, who was born in China and raised in Sweden, said the brand is
cross-cultural and international: "When we started, we saw that through social
media, you can talk to everyone around the world, as long as you can speak their
language."

Reuters - China Daily

Fans look at a OnePlus 6T phone during a launch event in the Manhattan borough
of New York. Liang Shuang / For China Daily

(China Daily 10/31/2018 page13)


                             596 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            October 29, 2018 Monday

HEADLINE: Apple, Samsung fined for 'planned obsolescence'

BODY:

ROME - Two of the world's largest smartphone makers, Apple and Samsung, were
fined a total of 15 million euros ($17 million) this week in part for taking
what are seen as illegal steps to force customers to buy new replacement phones
sooner than they would have.

The fines from the country's antitrust regulator are officially for the
companies' frequent use of firmware updates that "have caused serious
malfunctions and significantly reduced performance, thereby accelerating the
process of replacing them".

Combined, Apple and Samsung account for more than half of the Italian smartphone
market, and around a third of the worldwide market for the devices.

According to Rocco Panetta, managing partner of the Panetta & Associati law firm
specializing in competition issues, it is significant that the rulings each
carried the maximum fine the antitrust watchdog could issue - 5 million euros.
US-based Apple was found guilty of two separate violations, while Samsung, from
South Korea, was guilty of one.

"This was not a half-measure from the antitrust authority," Panetta said. "They
were sending a message."

Vincenzo Zeno-Zencovich, a professor of information technology and
communications law at Roma Tre University, said the rulings could spark similar
rulings and fines in other European countries.

"None of the other authorities want to say, 'We are less active than the
authority in Italy'," Zeno-Zencovich said in an interview. "The compliance costs
will add up."

The fines are reportedly the first ever for what is termed "planned
obsolescence" of the high-tech phones.

Still, it could be years before either company is forced to pay anything.
Panetta noted that the companies each have 60 days to appeal the ruling, a
process that could take as long as a year to complete. Even if the regional
court upholds the ruling, the companies could appeal once more.

Apple has not formally commented on the ruling. In a statement, Samsung denied
wrongdoing and said the company would cooperate with Italian authorities.

"The companies are expected to fight these charges aggressively," Panetta said.
"In part that is on principle, and in part because if the ruling is upheld here
(in Italy) it could make it to the European Union, and they can levy much bigger
fines."

Apple and Samsung were the two largest smartphone makers in the world every
quarter between mid-2011 and mid-2018, according to analytic firm Statistica.
But this year, China's Huawei surpassed Apple for the second spot in terms of
the number of units sold.

Xinhua

(China Daily 10/29/2018 page11)


                             597 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            October 29, 2018 Monday

HEADLINE: Tapping the economic value of e-waste

BYLINE: Lauren Joseph and James Pennington

BODY:

If China is to realize its ambition of being an ecological civilization, while
still modernizing and upgrading its economy, the electronics industry provides
one of the biggest opportunities.

China's economy has been driven by manufacturing across a number of sectors for
decades. In the Chinese manufacturing sector, there have been long-term efforts
to move up the value chain from producing low value goods to developing value
added products and globally recognized brands. This includes plans to shift from
labor-intensive manufacturing, to automated, highly efficient industrial systems
which create greater resource productivity. In 2015, the State Council, China's
Cabinet, made this intention official with the Made in China 2025 plan.

Nowhere is this vision more relevant than in the electronics sector. China is
already a leader in the production of electronics. Roughly 70 percent of the
world's mobile phones are produced in China and many of the largest electronics
companies manufacture their products in China. Contract manufacturers like
Pegatron and Foxconn have become huge companies and employers. Chinese companies
are also world leaders in the sector, Lenovo and Huawei, and newcomers such as
Oppo and Xiaomi are recognized as some of the biggest brands in the PC and
mobile markets. Electronic components and devices are the enabling technology of
modernizing the manufacturing industry itself, serving as the backbone for the
industrial internet of things and robotics, leading to greater automation and
efficiency.

China is also the world's largest market for the consumption of electronics with
82 percent of the Chinese population already mobile subscribers. The industry
has been an important pillar for improving livelihoods and driving GDP growth
with domestic consumption.

But with more and more devices being produced and consumed, we are also seeing
the rise of electronic and electrical waste (e-waste). This electronic waste can
contain substances that are hazardous to human health and the environment,
particularly where there are no formal systems in place to recycle and dispose
of old devices. In some cases, our used electronics end up in landfills or
"e-waste" dumps where informal workers dismantle devices to obtain the valuable
raw materials inside them such as gold, cobalt and tin. These informal processes
can be dangerous, releasing hazardous materials that can poison workers and
communities and be devastating for the surrounding environment. These processes
also produce very low quality materials which cannot always be used again in new
devices.

As the electronics industry and broader advanced manufacturing industry continue
to grow and evolve, electronic devices will become even more ubiquitous than
they are today. With a predicted 25-50 billion connected devices to come online
by 2020, e-waste is the fastest growing waste stream in the world.

Ecological civilization a national priority

During the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China an ecological
civilization was listed along with economic, political, cultural and social
progress as one of the five goals in the country's overall development plan,
putting it at the top of the domestic agenda. President Xi Jinping remarked that
building an ecological civilization is of "fundamental importance for the
sustainable development of the Chinese nation", citing issues such as air
pollution and waste management as key for the country.

There is a lot of economic value in electronic waste. For example, there is 70
times more gold in a tonne of smartphones than in a tonne of gold ore. The
United Nations calculates that e-waste is worth 55 billion euros ($63.18
billion) annually, which is more than the GDP of most countries. Currently, the
recovery rate of key materials for electronic devices, both globally and in
China, is quite low. In a recent study on the topic undertaken by the World
Economic Forum and Tsinghua University, the current recycling rates of four key
metals and metal groups in China ranges from 10.7 percent and 6.1 percent for
aluminum and tin to 0.6 percent for cobalt and 0 percent for rare earths.
Globally only around 13 percent of e-waste is recycled. Every year, according to
the United Nations, an estimated six million tonnes of domestically consumed
products are discarded in China.

This waste of valuable resources is not aligned with the long-term goals of
increasing local procurement of materials and components. While China has a lot
of natural resources, they are being extracted at a high rate and some critical
materials such as cobalt (a key material for batteries) are in short supply.
Just under half the cobalt used in the electronics industry is currently
imported according to Tsinghua study. Electronic waste could be a major source
of the materials needed for Made in China 2025. Already e-waste recycler GEM
China produces more cobalt than China mines in a year.

Circular economy for electronic waste

A circular economy for electronics would maximize the amount of valuable e-waste
back into the production of new electronic products and components, allowing for
greater productivity of our scarce natural resources. This would be a benefit
for realizing an ecological civilization while also modernizing China's economy.
It would also enable more local procurement of materials and components, as
recycling and recovery systems will be implemented in China. And a new report
released recently on the circular economy in China by the Ellen MacArthur
Foundation predicts that a circular economy for electronics could reduce the
costs for consumers by 7 percent by 2030 and 14 percent by 2040.

Given the win-win nature of a such a circular economy, China has already set
targets on this front. The State Council has established the Producer
Responsibility Extension System Implementation Program ("PRE Program") which
sets ambitious targets including sourcing 20 percent of materials for new
electronic products from recycled content and recycling 50 percent of all
e-waste by 2025, moving toward a circular economy in the electronics industry.

China's leading research and academic institutions such as Tsinghua University,
have been studying this issue for some time and have partnered with the World
Economic Forum to identify solutions and opportunities for rethinking the entire
electronic device life cycle; from the collection and recycling of used devices
to the incorporation of industrial scrap and post-use materials into new
devices, to remanufacturing and refurbishment of older devices. Companies such
as Huawei, Lenovo, Apple, Dell and Phillips have made global commitments to
designing e-waste out of the electronics value chain and have openly committed
to supporting China's e-waste goals. What's needed now to achieve these
ambitious targets, is greater public-private cooperation and innovation on the
shift toward a circular economy for electronic devices.

Lauren Joseph is electronics community lead at the World Economic Forum and
James Pennington is circular economy and China partnerships lead at the World
Economic Forum.

(China Daily 10/29/2018 page9)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/62/154077415489.jpg

a41f726b05111d4097ae32.jpg


                             598 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            October 29, 2018 Monday

HEADLINE: Tapping the economic value of e-waste

BYLINE: Lauren Joseph and James Pennington

BODY:

If China is to realize its ambition of being an ecological civilization, while
still modernizing and upgrading its economy, the electronics industry provides
one of the biggest opportunities.

China's economy has been driven by manufacturing across a number of sectors for
decades. In the Chinese manufacturing sector, there have been long-term efforts
to move up the value chain from producing low value goods to developing value
added products and globally recognized brands. This includes plans to shift from
labor-intensive manufacturing, to automated, highly efficient industrial systems
which create greater resource productivity. In 2015, the State Council, China's
Cabinet, made this intention official with the Made in China 2025 plan.

Nowhere is this vision more relevant than in the electronics sector. China is
already a leader in the production of electronics. Roughly 70 percent of the
world's mobile phones are produced in China and many of the largest electronics
companies manufacture their products in China. Contract manufacturers like
Pegatron and Foxconn have become huge companies and employers. Chinese companies
are also world leaders in the sector, Lenovo and Huawei, and newcomers such as
Oppo and Xiaomi are recognized as some of the biggest brands in the PC and
mobile markets. Electronic components and devices are the enabling technology of
modernizing the manufacturing industry itself, serving as the backbone for the
industrial internet of things and robotics, leading to greater automation and
efficiency.

China is also the world's largest market for the consumption of electronics with
82 percent of the Chinese population already mobile subscribers. The industry
has been an important pillar for improving livelihoods and driving GDP growth
with domestic consumption.

But with more and more devices being produced and consumed, we are also seeing
the rise of electronic and electrical waste (e-waste). This electronic waste can
contain substances that are hazardous to human health and the environment,
particularly where there are no formal systems in place to recycle and dispose
of old devices. In some cases, our used electronics end up in landfills or
"e-waste" dumps where informal workers dismantle devices to obtain the valuable
raw materials inside them such as gold, cobalt and tin. These informal processes
can be dangerous, releasing hazardous materials that can poison workers and
communities and be devastating for the surrounding environment. These processes
also produce very low quality materials which cannot always be used again in new
devices.

As the electronics industry and broader advanced manufacturing industry continue
to grow and evolve, electronic devices will become even more ubiquitous than
they are today. With a predicted 25-50 billion connected devices to come online
by 2020, e-waste is the fastest growing waste stream in the world.

Ecological civilization a national priority

During the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China an ecological
civilization was listed along with economic, political, cultural and social
progress as one of the five goals in the country's overall development plan,
putting it at the top of the domestic agenda. President Xi Jinping remarked that
building an ecological civilization is of "fundamental importance for the
sustainable development of the Chinese nation", citing issues such as air
pollution and waste management as key for the country.

There is a lot of economic value in electronic waste. For example, there is 70
times more gold in a tonne of smartphones than in a tonne of gold ore. The
United Nations calculates that e-waste is worth 55 billion euros ($63.18
billion) annually, which is more than the GDP of most countries. Currently, the
recovery rate of key materials for electronic devices, both globally and in
China, is quite low. In a recent study on the topic undertaken by the World
Economic Forum and Tsinghua University, the current recycling rates of four key
metals and metal groups in China ranges from 10.7 percent and 6.1 percent for
aluminum and tin to 0.6 percent for cobalt and 0 percent for rare earths.
Globally only around 13 percent of e-waste is recycled. Every year, according to
the United Nations, an estimated six million tonnes of domestically consumed
products are discarded in China.

This waste of valuable resources is not aligned with the long-term goals of
increasing local procurement of materials and components. While China has a lot
of natural resources, they are being extracted at a high rate and some critical
materials such as cobalt (a key material for batteries) are in short supply.
Just under half the cobalt used in the electronics industry is currently
imported according to Tsinghua study. Electronic waste could be a major source
of the materials needed for Made in China 2025. Already e-waste recycler GEM
China produces more cobalt than China mines in a year.

Circular economy for electronic waste

A circular economy for electronics would maximize the amount of valuable e-waste
back into the production of new electronic products and components, allowing for
greater productivity of our scarce natural resources. This would be a benefit
for realizing an ecological civilization while also modernizing China's economy.
It would also enable more local procurement of materials and components, as
recycling and recovery systems will be implemented in China. And a new report
released recently on the circular economy in China by the Ellen MacArthur
Foundation predicts that a circular economy for electronics could reduce the
costs for consumers by 7 percent by 2030 and 14 percent by 2040.

Given the win-win nature of a such a circular economy, China has already set
targets on this front. The State Council has established the Producer
Responsibility Extension System Implementation Program ("PRE Program") which
sets ambitious targets including sourcing 20 percent of materials for new
electronic products from recycled content and recycling 50 percent of all
e-waste by 2025, moving toward a circular economy in the electronics industry.

China's leading research and academic institutions such as Tsinghua University,
have been studying this issue for some time and have partnered with the World
Economic Forum to identify solutions and opportunities for rethinking the entire
electronic device life cycle; from the collection and recycling of used devices
to the incorporation of industrial scrap and post-use materials into new
devices, to remanufacturing and refurbishment of older devices. Companies such
as Huawei, Lenovo, Apple, Dell and Phillips have made global commitments to
designing e-waste out of the electronics value chain and have openly committed
to supporting China's e-waste goals. What's needed now to achieve these
ambitious targets, is greater public-private cooperation and innovation on the
shift toward a circular economy for electronic devices.

Lauren Joseph is electronics community lead at the World Economic Forum and
James Pennington is circular economy and China partnerships lead at the World
Economic Forum.

(China Daily 10/29/2018 page9)


                             599 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            October 26, 2018 Friday

HEADLINE: Tech charges to the fore at internet expo

BYLINE: Chen Hong

BODY:

Exhibitors at the fourth China (Guangdong) International Internet Plus
Exposition held in Foshan in South China's Guangdong province, have displayed a
variety of new technologies and products designed to make waves in the digital
industry.

The latest 5G mobile network has not been put into use yet, but China Mobile,
the world's largest mobile carrier by subscribers, has allowed visitors to the
expo to control robots using the technology.

The time delay between control inputs and the robots' movements has been
shortened from 10 to two milliseconds with the use of 5G, which is almost the
equivalent of real-time operation.

The Foshan branch of China Mobile is also showcasing its latest industrial
augmented reality technologies via the 5G network, which enables users to
interact with visualized digital designs of various objects.

China Unicom, another Chinese mobile operator, is holding classes featuring AR
and the use of 5G to create and display holographic images.

China's premier search engine Baidu is also attending the four-day show and has
brought with it DuerOS - a world-leading artificial intelligence technology, as
well as its products that feature virtual reality.

Led by Britain's Prince Michael of Kent, the UK Pavilion at the expo showcases a
future world in an era of intelligent technology which includes facial
recognition, design simulation, health monitoring and smart cities.

"I am here now to support a new wave of British innovators in the fast-moving
technology sector, who have created much of the technology we take for granted
today," said Prince Michael at the event.

"What Chinese investors value in their work with British companies, is their
ability to innovate value-enhancing solutions to complex technological issues."

Several CeBIT European exhibitors such as the German Chambers of Commerce Abroad
have brought their latest product solutions for smart city operations,
blockchain, big data processing and online video language transfer to the show.

It has also attracted many domestic industrial leaders such as DJI Technology
and Huawei Technology, according to the organizer.

The expo opens to the public on Saturday.

(China Daily 10/26/2018 page7)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/63/154051495265.jpg

00221917e13e1d3ca19d41.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/29/154051495303.jpg

00221917e13e1d3ca1a342.jpg


                             600 of 1211 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2018 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                  China Daily

                            October 26, 2018 Friday

HEADLINE: Chinasoft set to ramp up efforts in foreign markets

BYLINE: Cheng Yu

BODY:

Chinasoft International Ltd, a leading information technology and software
service provider in China, is aiming to expand its annual revenue to 30 billion
yuan ($4.32 billion) over the next three years, with its overseas business as an
important growth engine, its CEO said on Thursday.

IT and software service provider banking on growth in overseas business to boost
revenue

Chinasoft International Ltd, a leading information technology and software
service provider in China, is aiming to expand its annual revenue to 30 billion
yuan ($4.32 billion) over the next three years, with its overseas business as an
important growth engine, its CEO said on Thursday.

Similar to the business models of major Chinese e-commerce platforms such as
Taobao and JD, the company provides an online IT and software platform where
users can search for desired IT services, while outsourcing companies,
especially small and medium-sized ones, can find business opportunities.

"Overseas business now accounts for around 20 percent of the company's total
revenue. It is expected to grow rapidly as an increasing number of its clients,
including Huawei Technologies Co Ltd, are going abroad," said Chen Yuhong,
chairman and CEO of Chinasoft International, in an interview with China Daily.

He said that in face of the current trade tensions between China and the United
States, the company will make full use of the domestic market and develop core
technologies to grow stronger.

"Meanwhile, we will switch part of our efforts to extend business to
manufacturing powers in Europe. We are also exploring emerging and
innovation-driven markets such as Israel," Chen said.

Driven by increasing orders, the Nanjing, Jiangsu province-based company is
exploring uncharted territory in the IT and software sector by establishing
JointForce, an open cloud platform linking companies, engineers and outsourcing
providers.

"With JointForce becoming our new growth driver, we aim to build China's largest
cloud ecosystem platform," Chen said.

Data from Chinasoft International showed that the platform has gathered more
than 320,000 engineers and 30,000 companies.

China's IT and software segment has been gaining momentum in the past few years.
According to data from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the
software industry hit 3.95 trillion yuan in market scale in the first eight
months of this year, up 14.8 percent year-on-year.

However, Chen said that compared with international big brands, Chinese IT
companies still have much room to grow in terms of core technologies, innovation
and management.

"But thanks to the country's digital transformation, the market is becoming a
more promising one for us," he said.

Chinasoft International, founded in 2000, mainly provides IT solutions including
big data, cloud computing and mobile internet, for companies such as Huawei,
which is now the company's largest partner .

According to its fiscal report, its total revenue hit 9.24 billion yuan last
year, with an increase of 36 percent year-on-year.

chengyu@chinadaily.com.cn

A child looks at a drone for agricultural use designed by Chinasoft
International at a high-tech exhibition in Qingdao, Shandong province. Wang
Haibin / For China Daily

(China Daily 10/26/2018 page17)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/24/154051497286.jpg

a41f726b05111d3c9bdf1b.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/22/154051497325.jpg

a41f726b05111d3c9be31c.jpg
